# 日期

- 美式英语是要以月/日/年英式
- 英语是要以日/月/年
- 中国语文是以年/月/日
- January(Jan.)一月
- February(Feb.) 二月
- March(Mar.) 三月
- April(Apr.) 四月
- May(may.) 五月
- June(Jun.) 六月
- July(Jul.) 七月
- August(Aug.) 八月
- September(Sept.) 九月
- October(Oct.) 十月
- November(Nov.) 十一月
- December(Dec.) 十二月 後面要打点(.)
- 这些词不可以用在句子的未尾，且月份的缩写只有跟日一起用才能缩写，单独在句中是不能缩写
- 常用的星期英文缩写
- 星期一： Mon.=Monday
- 星期二： Tues.=Tuesday
- 星期三： Wed.=Wednesday
- 星期四： Thur.=Thurday
- 星期五： Fri.=Friday
- 星期六： Sat.=Saturday
- 星期天： Sun.=Sunday
- 英语日期中的大写、缩写
  - 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th 7th 8th 9th 10th
  - 11th 12th 13th 14th 15th 16th 17th 18th 19th 20th
  - 21st 22nd 23rd 24th 25th 26th 27th 28th 29th 30th 31st

# Excuse me!

- handbag：手提包；女用手提包
- briefcase：公文包
- backpack：(指登山者、步行者使用或背小孩时使用的)背包, (有轻金属框的)箱形背包
- dress：连衣裙；套裙
- casual dress 便服
- evening dress 晚礼服
- dress code 着装要求（出席一些场合，要注意主办者是否再邀请函上写明dress code，以免尴尬。）
- pen name 笔名
- pen pusher 文员
- pencil sharpener 削铅笔刀，卷笔刀
- book cabinet 书柜
- book review 书评
- book mark 书签
- booking 订票
- fur coat 毛皮大衣
- dressing room 更衣室
- well-dressed 服装华丽的，衣着讲究的
- car bomb 汽车炸弹
- house arrest 软禁
- housebreaker 侵入家宅者
- 表示道歉
  - I apologize.
  - Please forgive me.
  - Pardon me.
  - It's my fault.
  - I didn't mean to.
- 接受道歉
  - It doesn't matter.
  - Never mind.
  - It's my fault.  有时冒犯者说怪他自己，可以这么说
- 表示感谢
  - Thanks.
  - Many thanks.
  - Thanks a lot.
  - Thank you very much indeed.
  - I really don't know how to thank you enough.
- 不用谢
  - You are welcome.
  - Not at all.
  - Don't mention it.
  - It's my pleasure.
  - That's all right.
  - That's okay.
- Pardon？对不起，请再说一遍
  - I beg your pardon?
- 原文
  - Excuse me.
  - Yes?
  - Is this your handbag?
  - Pardon?
  - Is this your handbag?
  - Yes, it is.
  - Thank you very much.
- 句型结构
  - 一般疑问句
  - Do they do morning reading every day?  他们每天晨读吗？
- 句型练习
  - Is this your pencil?
  - Is this your book?
  - Is this your watch?
  - Is this your coat?
  - Is this your dress?  多指连衣裙
  - Is this your skirt? 多指短裙
  - Is this your shirt?
  - Is this your car?
  - Is this your house?
    - Yes, it is.
    - No, it isn't.
    - No, it's not.
    - No, it's not my house. It's your house.

# Soryy sir.

- Sorry：也表示遗憾， 特别是听到对方有什么不好的消息，我们可以说，I am sorry for that...表示难过，同情
- apologize：正式道歉；谢罪了
- business trip：公务旅行，出差；商务旅行
- tip：小费；小提示、小窍门
- housekeeper：管家；女管家
- sorry 常用于对自己所犯过失表示道歉，而 Excuse me 则多为表示轻微歉意的客套语
- a man's suit 一套男装
- a woman's suit 一套女装
- a bathing suit 一套泳装
- school report  学生成绩单
- lottery ticket  彩票
- 原文
  - My coat and my umbrella please.
  - Here is my ticket.
  - Thank you. sir.
  - Number five.
  - Here's your umbrella and your coat.
  - This is not my umbrella.
  - Sorry. sir.
  - Is this your umbrella?
  - No, it isn't.
  - Is this it?
  - Yes, it is.
  - Thank you very much.
- 句型结构
  - This isn't my...
  - It isn't my...
  - Is this your...?
  - No, it isn't.
- 句型练习
  - Is this your teacher?
    - No, he isn't my teacher. He's she teacher.
  - Is this your son?
  - Is this your daughter?
    - Yes, he is.
    - No, he isn't.

# Nice to meet you.

- 人们在正式的场合初次见面时常用：How do you do？相应的回答也是：How do you do？这是一句问候语，并非问话

- What nationality are you? 你是哪国人？

- make：产品的）牌子；类型，型号；式样

  - Her dress is of Italian make. 她的连衣裙是意大利式的

- 原文

  - Good monring.
  - Good moring. Mr. Blake.
  - This is Miss Sophie Dupont. Sophie is a new student. She is Franch.
  - Sophie, this is Hans. He is German.
  - Nice to meet you.
  - And this is Naoko, She's Japanese.
  - Nice to meet you.
  - And this is Chang-woo, He's Korean.
  - Nice to meet you.
  - And this is Luming, He is Chinese.
  - Nice to meet you.
  - And this is XiaoHui, She's Chinese, too.
  - Nice to meet you

- 国家 和 国籍

- | 国家名词 | 国家                              | 国籍            |
  | -------- | --------------------------------- | --------------- |
  | 中国     | China                             | Chinese         |
  | 美国     | America/the USA                   | American        |
  | 日本     | Japan                             | Japanese        |
  | 德国     | Germany                           | German          |
  | 法国     | France                            | French          |
  | 英国     | England(英格拉)/Britain(大不列颠) | English/British |
  | 俄罗斯   | Russia                            | Russian         |
  | 意大利   | Italy                             | Italian         |
  | 加拿大   | Canada                            | Canadian        |
  | 澳大利亚 | Australia                         | Australian      |
  | 非洲     | Africa                            | African         |
  | 希腊     | Greece                            | Greek           |
  | 挪威     | Norway                            | Norwegian       |
  | 西班牙   | Spain                             | Spanish         |
  | 瑞典     | Sweden                            | Swedish         |

- 句型练习

  - Is she a Geman student or a Japanese student?
  - She isn't a Geman student. She's a Japanese student.
  - Is this a French car or an English car?

    - It isn't a French car. It's an English car.
  - Is it a French car?
    - No, it isn't
  - Is it Japanese or German?
    - It isn't Japanese. It's German.
  - Is it an American car?
    - Yes, it is.
  - What make it is?
    - It's a Ford.

# Are you a teacher?

- What's Robert job?
  - He's an engineer.
- programmer：程序员；程序猿
- engineer：工程师；攻城狮
- artists：艺术家
- painter：画家
- musician：音乐家
- composer：作曲家
- designer：设计师
- photograph：摄影师
- manager：经理
- secretary：秘书
- editor：编辑
- journalist：记者
- copywriter：撰稿人
- producer：制片人
- newscaster：新闻评论人；(电台或电视的)新闻播音员
- poet：诗人
- dressmaker：女装裁剪师
- tailor：西装师傅
- taxi driver：出租车司机
- baker：面包师
- architect：建筑师
- guide：导游
- dentist：牙医
- nurse：
  - n．护士；照料者
    - Is she a nurse or a housewife?
  - v．照料；照看
    - All her time goes into nursing her child.  她把全部时间都花于照看自己的孩子上了。
  - v ．养护；培养
    - nurse a young tree 养护树苗
    - nurse an author of promise 培养有前途的作家
- economist：经济学家
- scientist：科学家
- philosophy：哲学家
- politician：政治学家
- physical：物理学家
- biologist：生物学家
- zoologist：动物学家
- air hostess：空姐
- mechanical：机械的, 力学的；机械似的; 呆板的
- mechanic：机械师；技工，机修工
- hairdresser：理发师
- 原文
  - I am a new student. My name's Robert.
  - Nice to meet you. My name's Sophie.
  - Are you French?
  - Yes, I am.
  - Are you Frech too?
  - No, I am not.
  - What nationality are you?
  - I'm Italian.
  - Are you a teacher?
  - No, I'm not.
  - What's your job?
  - I'm a keyboard operator.
  - What's your job?
  - I'm an engineer.
- 句型练习
  - It's your job to be on time.  准时是你应该做到的事。
  - What nationality is he?
    - He's French.
  - Where are you from?
    - I'm from China.
  - What's his job?
    - He's a milkman.

# How are you today?

- 原文
  - Hello, Helen.
  - Hi, Steven.
  - How are you today?
  - I'm very well, than you. And you?
  - I'm fine, thanks.
  - How is Tony?
  - He is fine, thanks. How's Emma?
  - She's very well, too, Helen.
  - Goodbye, Helen, Nice to meet you.
  - Nice to meet you, too, Steven, Goodbye.
- 句型练习
  - Look at that man!
  - Is he thin?
    - No, he isn't./Yes, he is.
  - Is he fat?
    - No, he isn't./Yes, he is.
  - Look at that women!
    - Is she fat?
    - Is she thin?
    - No, she isn't. /Yes, she is.
  - Is that meechanic clean or dirty?
    - He's not clean, He's dirty.
  - Look at that milkman.
    - That milkman is old.
    - He's very old.
  - Look at that airhostess.
    - That airhostess is young.
    - She's very young.

# Is this your shirt?

- 原文
  - Whose shirt is that?  
  - Is this your shirt, Dave?
  - No, sir. It's not my shirt.
  - This is my shirt. My shirt's blue.
  - Is this shirt Tim's?
  - Perhaps it is, sir. Tim's shirt's white.
  - Tim!
  - Yes, sir?
  - Is this your shirt?
  - Yes, sir.
  - Here you are , Catch!
  - Thank you, sir.
- 句型结构
  - Whose is this...?
  - Whose is that...?
  - Whose ... is that?
  - it's...
- 句型练习
  - Is this book Stella's.
    - This book is Stella's.
  - Is this pen your father's.
    - This pen is your father's.
  - Here you are.  Here it is.
  - Whose is that car?
  - Whose car is that?
    - It's my son's.
    - This is his car.
  - Is that suit your brother's or yor father's?
    - It's not my brother's. It's my father's.
  - Is that skirt your sister's or your mother's?
    - It's not my sister's. It's my mother's.
  - Is that blouse your sister's?
    - No, it isn't?
  - Whose is it?
    - It's my sister's.
- blouse：女装恤衫；女衬衫

# A new dress.

- 原文
  - What color's your new dress?
  - It's green.
  - Come upstairs and see it.
  - Thank you.
  - Look! Here it is.
  - That's a nice dress. It's very smart.
  - My hat's new, too.
  - What color is it?
  - It's the same color. It' green, too.
  - That is a lovely hat!
- 句型结构
  - What color's your...?  What color is your...?
  - It's...
- 句型练习
  - What color's your umbrlla?
  - What color's your car?
  - What color's your shirt?
    - It's white.
  - What color is Anna's blouse?
    - It's yellow.
  - What color is Steven's tie?
    - It's grey and black.

# Your passports, please.

- Is there a problem with the Customs offcer?
  - No, everything is fine.  没有问题，一切都很顺利
- 原文
  - Are you Swedish?
  - No, we are not. We are Danish.
  - Are your friends Danish, too?
  - No, they aren't. They are Norwegin.
  - Your passports, please.
  - Here they are.
  - Are these your cases?
  - No, they aren't.
  - Our cases are brown. Here they are.
  - Are you tourists?
  - Yes, we are.
  - Are your firends tourists, too?
  - Yes, they are.
  - That's fine.
  - Thank you very much.
- customs：海关；关税；习惯；风俗（custom的复数）
- 句型结构
  - Are you...?
  - Are these your...?
  - What color are your...?
- 句型练习
  - Are you English?
    - No, we are not. We are Russian.
  - Are these your tickets?
    - Yes, they are.
    - They are yellow.
  - Are these his passports?
    - Yes, they are.
  - What color are his passports?
    - They are green.
  - What color are your blouses?
    - They are yellow.

# How do you do?

- 原文
  - Come and meet our employess. Mr. Richards.
  - Thank you. Mr. Jackson.
  - This is Nicola Grey. and this is Claire Taylor.
  - How do you do?
  - Those women are very hard-working.
  - What are their jobs?
  - They're keyboard operators.
  - This is Michael Baker. and this is Jeremy Short.
  - How do you do?
  - They aren't very busy!
  - What are their jobs?
  - They're sales reps.
  - There are very lazy.
  - Who's this young man?
  - This is Jim.
  - He is our office assistant.
- sales reps：推销员
- assistant：助手, 副手, 助理; 助教
- 句型结构
  - What are their jobs?
  - They're are...
- 句型练习
  - What are their jobs?
    - They are sales reps.
  - What is his job?
    - He's our office assistant.

# Tird and thirsty.

- Why do the chilrden thank their mother?
  - Because the mother buy two ice creams for them.
- 原文
  - What's the matter, children?  What's worng, children?
  - We are tird and thirsty, Mum.
  - Sit down here.
  - Are you all right row? Are you ok now?
  - No, we aren't.
  - Look!
  - There's ice cream man.
  - Two ice creams please.
  - Here you are, children.
  - Thanks, Mum.
  - These ice creams are nice.
  - Are you all right now.
  - Yes, we are, thank you.
- 句型结构
  - They're...
  - Are you...
  - We're...
- 句型练习
  - These windows are open.
  - These boxes are heavy.
  - Are that boy's shoes dirty?
    - No, they aren't.
  - Are they clean?
    - Yes, they are.
  - Are that girl's hands clean?
    - No, they aren't.
  - Are they dirty?
    - Yes, they are.
  - Are those hairdressers thin or fat?
    - They're not thin, they are fat.
  - Are these hairdressers thin or fat?
    - They're not fat, they are thin.
  - Are those shoes small or big?
    - They're not small, they are big.
  - Those shop are open.
  - Those shop are shut.
  - Those cases are light.
  - Those cases are heavy.
  - Grandfather and Grandmother are very old.
  - Grandson and Granddaughter are very young.
  - Those hats are very old.
  - These hats are very new.
  - These trousers are long.
  - Those trousers are short.

# Which book?

- Which book does the man want?
  - The red one.
- 原文
  - Give me a book please, Jane.
  - Which book?
  - This one? That one? This blue one?
  - No, not that one. The red one.
  - This one?
  - Yes, please.
  - Here you are.
  - Thank you.
- 句型结构
  - Give me/him/her/us/them a....
  - Which one?
  - The...one.
- 句型练习
  - Give her a spoon please.
    - Which one?
    - The small one.
  - Give me a cup please.
    - Which one? This dirty one?
    - No, not this dirty one. The clean one.
  - Give me a glass please.
    - Which one? That full one?
    - No, not that full one. This empty one.
  - Give me a bottle please.
    - Which one? This large one?
    - No, not this large one. That small one.
  - Give me a box please.
    - Which one? That little one?
    - No, not that little one. This big one.
  - Give him a tin please.
    - Which one? This new one?
    - No, not this new one. That old one.
  - Give me a knife please.
    - Which one? That blunt one.
    - No, not that blunt one. This sharp one.
  - Give us a spoon please.
    - Which one? This new one.
    - No, not this new one. That old one.
  - Give them a fork please.
    - Which one? That small one?
    - No, not that small one. This large one.

# Which glasses?

- Which glasses dose the man want?
  - The ones on the shelf.
- 原文
  - Give me some glasses please, Jane.
  - Which glasses? Which glasses do you want?
  - These glasses? Do you want these glasses?
  - No, not those. The ones on the shelf.
    - No, not those = No, I don't want those glasses.
  - These?
  - Yes, please.
  - Here you are.
  - Thank you.
- 句型结构
  - Give me/him/her/us/them some...
  - Whice ones?
  - The ones...
- 句型练习
  - Give us some cups please.
  - Give the some cases plase.
  - Give him some books please.
    - Whice ones?
    - The ones in the bag.
  - Give me some pens please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the desk.  desk 一般指书桌；table 一般指普通的桌子
  - Give him some ties please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the chair.
  - Give her some spoons please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the table.
  - Give us some plates please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the cupboard.
  - Give them som cigarettes please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the television.
  - Give us some boxes please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the floor.
  - Give her some bottles please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the dressing table.
  - Give Tim some books please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the shelf.
  - Give Jane some magazines please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the bed.
  - Give the children some newspapers please.
    - Which ones?
    - The ones on the stereo.

# Mrs. Smith's kitchen.

- What color is the electric cooker?
  - It's blue. The electric cooker is blue.
- 原文
  - Mrs. Smith's kitchen is small.
  - There is a refrigerator in the kitchen.
  - The refrigerator is white.
  - It is on the right.
  - There is an electric cooker in the kitchen.
  - The cooker is blue.
  - It is on the left.
  - There is a table in the middle of the kitchen.
  - There is a bottle on the table.
  - The bottle is empty.
  - There is a cup on the table, too.
  - The cup is clean.
- 句型结构
  - There is ... on/in...
- 句型练习
  - There is a bottle in the refrigerator.
  - The bottle is empty.
  - There isn't a bottle in the refrigerator.
  - Is there a bottle in the refrigerator?
  - There is a box on the floor.
    - The box is large.
  - There is a glass in the cupboard.
    - The glass is empty.
  - There is a knife on the plate.
    - The knife is sharp.
  - There is a fork on the tin.
    - The fork is dirty.
  - Is there a fork on the plate?
    - No, there isn't.
    - Where's the fork?
    - It's on the tin. It's dirty.
  - Is there a bottle in the cupboard?
    - No, there isn't.
    - Where's the bottle.
    - It's in the refrigerator. it's full.

# Mrs. Smith's living room.

- Where are the books?
  - The books are on the stereo.
- 原文
  - Mrs. Smith's living room is large.
  - There is a television in the room.
  - The television is near the window.
  - There are some magazines on the television.
  - There is a table in the room.
  - There are som newspapers on the table.
  - There are some armchairs in the room.  房间里有一些扶手椅
  - The armchairs are near(close to) the table.
  - There is a stereo in the room.
  - The stereo is near the door.
  - There are some books on the stereo.
  - There are some pictures in the room.
  - The pictures are on the wall.
- 句型结构
  - There are some...on/in/near...
- 句型练习
  - There are some books on the shelf.
    - The books are new.
  - There aren't any books on the shelf.
  - Are there any books on the shelf.
  - There are some plates on the cooker.
    - They are clean.
  - There are some trousers on the bed.
    - They are near that shirt.
  - There are some bottles in the refrigerator.
    - They are empty.
  - There are some shoes on the floor.
    - They are near the bed.
  - There are some forks on the shelf.
    - They are near those spoons.
  - Are there any knives on the shelf.
    - No, there aren't any.
    - There're some forks.
    - Where're they exactly?
    - They're near those spoons.
  - Are there any pens on the shelf?
    - No, there aren't any.
    - There're some tickets.
    - Where're they exactly?
    - They're in the handbag.
  - Are there any cups on the television?
    - No, there aren't any.
    - There're some glasses.
    - Where're they exactly?
    - They're near those bottles.

# Come in, Amy.

- How must Amy clean the floor?
  - sweep it.
- 原文
  - Come in, Amy.
  - Shut the door, please.
  - This bedroom is very untidy.
  - What must I do, Mrs. Jones?
  - Open the window and air the room.
  - Then put these clothes in the wardrobe.
  - Then make the bed.
  - Dust the dressing table.
  - Then sweep the floor.
- 句型结构
  - What must I do?
  - Open...
  - Put on...
  - Turn on...
- 句型练习
  - Open the window.
  - Put on your coat.
  - Turn on the television.
  - What must I do?
  - Open your suitcase.
    - Shut the book.
  - Put on your shirt.
    - Take off your shirt.
  - Put on your watch.
    - Take off your watch.
  - Put on your shoes.
  - Take off your tie.
  - Turn on the stereo.
  - Turn off the television.
  - Turn on the light.  开灯
  - Turn off the tap. 关闭水龙头
  - Sweep the kitchen.
  - Sweep the living room.
  - Clean the refrigerator.
  - Clean the electric cooker.
  - Dust the cupboard.
  - Dust the shelves. 扫下书架上面的灰尘
  - Empty the cup. 把被子倒空
  - Empty the box.
  - Read this magazine.
  - Read this newspaper.
  - Sharpen these pencils.  削尖这些铅笔
  - Sharpen these knives.  磨锋利这些刀

# Where's Sally?

- Is the cat climbing the tree?
  - No, it isn't. 
  - Then, Who's climbing the tree?
  - Tim's.
- 原文
  - Where's Sally, Jack?
  - She's in the garden, Jane.
  - What's she doing?
  - She's sitting under the tree.
  - Is Tim in the garden, too?
  - Yes, he is.
  - He's climbing the tree.
  - I beg your pardon?
  - Who's climbing the tree?
  - Tim is.
  - What about the dog?
  - The dog's in the garden, too.
  - It's running across the grass. 他正在草地上跑
  - It's running after a cat.
- 复述原文
  - Jane and Jack are talking their daughter Sally and son Tim. Sally and Tim are in the garden. Sally is sitting under the tree.Tim is climbing the tree.The dog in the garden, too. It is running across the grass. It is running after a cat.
- 句型结构
  - 现在进行时：be + 现在分词
  - What's he/she/it doing?
  - He/she/it is...
- 句型练习
  - What's Steven doing?
    - He's reading a newspaper.
  - What is Nicola doing?
    - She's typing a letter.
  - What is she doing?
    - She's emptying a basket.
  - What is Sally doing?
    - She's shutting the door.
  - What is the dog doing?
    - It's eating a bone.
  - What is your sister doing?
    - She's looking at a picture.
  - What is he doing?
    - He's cleaning his teeth.
  - What is Emma doing?
    - She's cooking a meal.
  - What is the cat doing?
    - It's drinking its milk.
  - Who is sharpening a pencil?
    - Tim is.
  - Who is turning on the light?
    - He is.
  - Who is turning off the tap?
    - She is.
  - What is she turning off?
    - She's turning off the tap.
  - What is she taking off?
    - She's taking off her coat.

# A fine day.

- Where is the Jones family?
  - on the bridge.
- 原文
  - It's a fine day today.( It's cloudy. 今天多云 It's sunny. 今天天气晴朗)
  - There are some clouds in the sky, but the sun is shining.  天空中有一些云彩，但是阳光灿烂
  - Mr Jones's with his family.  Who is Jones with? 
  - They are walking over the bridge.
  - There are some boats on the river.
  - Mr Jones and his wife are looking the them.
  - Sally is looking at a big ship.
  - The ship is going under the bridge.
  - Tim is looking at an aeroplane.  airplane/plane
  - The aeroplane is flying over the river.
- boat：小船
- ship：大船
- 句型结构
  - What are they doing?
  - They're...
- 句型练习
  - What are the children doing?
    - They're looking at a picture.
  - What are the cooks doing?
    - They're cooking.
  - What are the children doing?
    - They're sleeping.
  - What are the men doing?
    - They're shaving.
  - What are the children doing?
    - They're crying.
  - What are the dogs doing?
    - They're eating bone.
  - What are the women doing?
    - They're typing letters.
  - What are they doing?
    - They're doing their homework.
  - What are they doing?
    - They're washing dishes.
  - What are the brids doing?
    - They're flying over the river.
  - What are the man and the woman doing?
    - They're walking over the bridge.
  - What are they doing?
    - They're waiting for a bus.
  - What are the children doing?
    - They're jumping off the wall.

# Our village.

- Are the children coming out of the park or going into it?
  - They're going into it. (The children are going into the park.)
- 原文
  - This is a photograph of our village.
  - Our village is in a valley.
  - It is between two hills.  between a hill and a river.  在一座山和一条河之间
  - The village is on a river.   这里的on不是在上面而是靠近的意思 这个村庄在河边 a house on the road. 在公路旁边的一座房子
  - Here is another photograph of the village.
  - My wife and I are walking along the banks of the river.
  - We are on the left.
  - There is a boy in the water.  in the river.
  - He is swimming across the river.
  - Here is another photograph.
  - This is the shcool building.  教学楼
  - It is beside a park.  It is next to a park.  它在一个公园旁边
  - The park is on the right.
  - Some children are coming out of the building.
  - Some of them are going into the park.  他们中的一些人正在向公园走去
- valley：流域；山谷；溪谷
- 句型结构
  - Where is/are..
- 句型练习
  - Where is he going?
    - He's going the park.
  - Where are you walking?
    - We are walking along the street.
  - Where is the man going?
    - He's going into the shop.
  - Where is he sitting?
    - He's sitting beside his mother.
  - Where are they walking?
    - They're walking acorss the street.
  - Where is the man walking?
    - He's walking between two policemen.
  - Where is the girl sitting?
    - She's sitting near the tree.
  - Where is the airplane flying?
    - it's flying under the bridge.
  - Where are they sitting?
    - They're sitting on the grass.
  - Where are they reading?
    - They are reading in the living room.

# Making a bookcase.

- What is Suan's favourite color?
  - pink
- 原文
  - You're woking hard, George.
  - What are you doing?
  - I'm making a bookcase.
  - Give me that hammer please, Dan.
  - Which hammer.
  - This one?
  - No, not that one.
  - The big one.
  - Here you are.
  - Thanks, Dan.
  - What are you going to do now, George?
  - I'm going to paint it.
  - What color are you going to paint it?
  - I'm going to paint it pink.
  - Pink!
  - This bookcase isn't for me.
  - It's for my daughter, Susan.
  - Pink's her favorite color.
- bookcase：书柜，书架
- 句型结构
  - be going to + 动词原形  打算计划做..
- 句型练习
  - What are you going to do?
    - I'm going to cook a meal.
  - What is she going to do?
    - She's going to air the room.
  - What color is George going to paint the bookcase?
  - These flowers are for you.
  - Who is bookcase for?
  - 区别
    - What are you doing now?  你正在做什么
      - I'm watching television.
    - What are you going to do now? 你正打算做什么/你接下来要做什么
      - I'm going to watch television.
  - What are you going to do?
    - I am going to shave.
  - What are you doing now?
    - Now I am shaving.
  - What are you going to do?
    - I'm going to wait for a bus.
  - What are you doing now?
    - Now I'm waiting for a bus.
  - What are you going to do?
    - We're going to do our homework.
  - What are you doing now?
    - Now we're doing our homework.
  - What are you going to do?
    - I'm going to paint the bookcase.
  - What are you doing now?
    - Now I'm painting the bookcase.
  - What are you going to do?
    - We're going to listen to the stereo.
  - What are you doing now?
    - Now we're listening to the stereo.
  - What are you going to do?
    - We're going to wash the dishes.
  - What are you doing now?
    - Now we're washing the dishes.

# Don't drop it.

- Where does Sam put the vase in the end?
  - on the shelf.
- 原文
  - What are you going to do with that vase, Penny?
  - I'm going to put it on the table, Sam.
  - Don't do that.
  - Give it to me.
  - What are you going to do with it?
  - I'm going to put it here, in front of the window.
  - Be carful.
  - Don't drop it.
  - Don't put it there, Sam.
  - Put it here, on this shelf.
  - There we are!
  - It's a lovely vase.
  - Those flowers are lovely, too.
- 句型结构
  - What are you going to do?
  - I'm going to...
  - What are you going to do with that/those...
  - I'm going to give/show/send/take...
- 句型练习
  - What are you going to do?
    - I'm going to put my coat and bed.
    - I'm going to put on my coat.
  - What are you going to do with that letter?
    - I'm going to send it to my sister.
  - What are you going to do?
    - I'm going to take off my shirt.
    - I'm going to take it off.
  - What are you going to do?
    - I'm going to turn on the television.
    - I'm going to turn it on.
  - What are you going to do?
    - I'm going to turn on the stereo.
    - I'm goint to turn it one.
  - What are you going to do with that dress?
    - I'm going to give it to my daughter.
  - What are you going to do with that vase?
    - I'm going to take it to my grandmother.
  - What are you going to do with that newspaper?
    - I'm going to show it to my father.
  - What are you going to do with these ice creams?
    - I'm going to give them to the children.
  - What are you going to do with this letter?
    - I'm going to send it to my grandfather.
  - What are you going to do with these books?
    - I'm going to send them to my sister.

# Penny's bag.

- Who is the tin of  tobacco for?
  - It's for Sam.
- 原文
  - Is that bag heavy, Penny?
  - Not very.
  - Here!
  - Put it on this chair.
  - What's in it?
  - A piece of cheese.
  - A loaf of bread.
  - A bar of soap.
  - A bar of chocolate.
  - A bottle of milk.
  - A pound of suger.
  - Half a pound of coffee.
  - A quarter of a pound of tea.
  - And a tin of tobacco.
  - Is that tin of tobacco for me?
  - Well, it's certainly not for me!
- tobacco：烟草, 烟叶
- bread and butter：黄油面包
- half a bottle of milk：半瓶牛奶
- 句型结构
  - Is there any...?
  - Is there a...?
- 句型练习
  - Is there any milk in that bottle?
    - There's some milk in that bottle.
    - There isn't any milk in that bottle.
  - Is there a book on that desk?
    - There is a book on that desk.
    - There isn't a book on that desk.
  - Is there a passport on the table?
    - Yes, there is.
  - Is there any milk in the bottle?
    - Yes, there is.
  - Is there a spoon on the plate？
    - Yes, there is.
  - Is there a tie on the chair?
    - Yes, there is.
  - Is there any bread here?
    - Yes, there is. There's some on the table.
  - Is there a hammer here?
    - Yes, there is. There's one on the bookcase.
  - Is there any tea here?
    - Yes, there is. There's some on the table.
  - Is there a vase here?
    - Yes, there is. There's one on the redio.
  - Is there a dress in the wardrobe?
    - No, there isn't a dress. There's a suit.
  - Is there any tea in the tin?
    - No, there isn't any tea.
    - There's some tobacco.
  - Is there any suger on the desk?
    - No, there isn't any suger.
    - There's some chocolate.
  - Is there any bread on the plate?
    - No, there isn't any bread.
    - There's some cheese.
  - Is there a newspaper on the television?
    - Yes, there's one on the television.
  - Is there a car on the bridge?
    - Yes, there's one on the bridge?
  - Is there any soap on the dressing table?
    - Yes, there's some on the dressing table.
  - Is there a brid on the tree?
    - Yes, there's one on the tree.

#  Hurry up!

- How do you know Sam dosen't make the tea very often?
  - Because he can't find anything.
- 原文
  - Can you make the tea, Sam?
  - Yes, of course I can, Penny.
  - Is there any water in this kettle?
  - Yes, there is.
  - Where's the tea?
  - It's over there, behind the teapot.
  - Can you see it?
  - I can see the teapot, but I can't see the tea.
  - Here it is!
  - It's in front of you.
  - Ah yes, I can see it now.
  - Where are the cups?
  - There are some in the cupboard.
  - Can you find them?
  - Yes, Here they are.
  - Hurry up, Sam.
  - The kettle's boiling.
- 句型结构
  - Are there any...?
- 句型练习
  - The table is over there, in front of the window.
  - Hurry up! We'll be late.
  - Are there any glasses on the table?
    - There are some glasses on the table.
    - There aren't any glasses on the table.
  - Is there any bread here?
    - Yes, there is. There's some on the table.
  - Are there any hammers here?
    - Yes, there are. There're some behind that box.
  - Is there any milk here?
    - Yes, there is. There's some in font of the door.
  - Is there any soap here?
    - Yes, there is. There're three bars of soap on the cupboard.
  - Are there any newspapers here?
    - Yes, there are. There're some newspapers behind that vase.
  - Is there any water here?
    - Yes, there is. There're two glasses of water on the table.
  - Is there any tea in those cups?
    - Yes, there is. 
  - Are there any cups in front of the kettle?
    - Yes, there are.
  - Is there any chocolate behind that book?
    - Yes, there is. There are two bars of chocolate behind that book.
  - Are there any kettles in the cupboard?
    - No, there aren't. There're some teapots.
  - Are there any buses in front of that building?
    - No, there aren't. There're some cars.
  - Is there any tea on the table?
    - No, there isn't. There's some coffee.
    - There are two bags of coffee on the table.

# The boss's letter.

- Why can't Pamela type the letter?
  - Because the boss's handwriting is terrible!
- 原文
  - Can you come here a minute please, Bob?  Can you come here a moment/half a minute?
  - Yes, sir?
  - Where's Pamela?
  - She's next door.
  - She's in her offce, sir.
  - Can she type this letter for me? Ask her please.
  - Yes, sir.
  - Can you type this letter for the boss please, Pamela?
  - Yes, of course I can.
  - Here you are.
  - Thank you, Bob.
  - Bob!
  - Yes?
  - What's the matter?
  - I can't type this letter.
  - I can't read it! The boss's handwriting is terrible!
- 句型结构
  - Can you...?
  - Can she...?
- 句型练习
  - Can you put your coat on?
    - No, I can't.
  - Can you put your hat on?
    - Yes, I can.
  - Can you see a bird?
    - No, I can't.
  - Can you see that airplane?
    - Yes, I can.
  - Can he paint this bookcase and this room?
    - He can paint this bookcase, but he can't paint this room.
  - Can he lift that chair and this table?
    - He can lift that chair, but he can't lift this table.
  - Can you read that magazine?
    - No, I can't.
    - What can you do?
    - I can read this book.
  - Can you jump off that wall?
    - No, I cant.
    - What can you do?
    - I can jump off this box.
  - Can she make biscuits?
    - No, she can't.
    - What can she do?
    - She can make cakes.
  - Can she put the vase on that shelf?
    - No, she can't.
    - What can she do?
    - She can put the vase on this table.
    - She can put the vase on this table, but she can't put the vase on that shelf.

# A cup of coffee.

- How does Ann like her coffee?
  - black coffee with suger.
- 原文
  - Do you like coffee, Mrs Price?
  - Yes, I do.
  - Do you want a cup?
  - Yes, please, Mrs Young.
  - Do you want any suger?
  - Yes, please.
  - Do you want any milk?
  - No, thank you, I don't like milk in my coffee. I like black coffee.
  - Do you like biscuits?
  - Yes, I do.
  - Do you want one?
  - Yes, please.
- black coffee：清咖啡
- white coffee：加奶咖啡
- black tea：红茶
- choice apple：精选苹果
- 句型结构
  - Do you like...?
  - Do you want...?
- 句型练习
  - Do you like coffee?
    - Yes, I do.
    - I want a cup.
    - I want some suger. but I don't want any milk.
  - Do you like eggs?
    - Yes, I  do. / No, I don't.
  - Do you want any eggs?
  - Do you like butter?
  - Do you want any butter?
  - Do you like honey or bananas?
    - I like honey, but I don't like bananas.
  - Do you like honey or bananas?
    - I don't like honey, but I like banbanas.
  - Do you want any jam or an orange?
    - I want some jam, but I don't want an orange.
  - Do you want any jam or an orange?
    - I don't want any jam, but I want an orange.
  - Do you like ice creams?
    - Yes, I do.
    - I like icd creams. but I don't want one.
  - Do you like whiskey?
    - Yes, I do.
    - I like whiskey. but I don't want any.
  - Do you like apples?
    - Yes, I do.
    - I like apples. but I don't want one.
  - Do you like wine.
    - Yes, I do.
    - I like wine. but I don't want any.
  - Do you like biscuits?
    - Yes, I do.
    - I like biscuits. but I don't want one.
  - Do you like beer?
    - Yes, I do.
    - I like beer. but I don't want any.

# At the butcher's.

- What does Mr. Bird like?
  - He like steak.
- 原文
  - Do you want any that meat today. Mrs. Bird?
  - Yes, please.
  - Do you want beef or lamb?
  - Beef, please.
  - This lamb's very good.
  - I like lamb. but my husband doesn't.
  - What about some steak? This is a nice piece.
  - Give me that piece. please.
  - And a pound of mince, too.
  - Do you want a chicken, Mrs. Bird? They're very nice.
  - No, thank you.
  - My husband likes steak. but he doesn't like chicken.
  - To tell you the truth, Mrs. Bird, I don't like chicken either!  To be honest with you. 老实说
- butcher：卖肉的；屠夫；屠杀
- lamb：羔羊肉
- mince：肉馅；肉末；切碎, 剁碎, 绞碎；
- either：也（否定句中）
- cabbage：洋白菜, 卷心菜
- 句型结构
  - He likes..., but he doesn't like...
- 句型练习
  - He doesn't like apples.
    - I don't like apples either.
  - Does Penny like tomatoes?
    - Yes, she does.
    - She likes tomatoes, but she doesn't want any.
  - Do you like potatoes?
    - Yes, I do.
    - I like potatoes, but I don't want any.
  - Does he like cabbage?
    - Yes, he does.
    - He likes cabbage, but he doesn't want any.
  - Does Mr. White like peas?
    - Yes, she does.
    - She likes peas, but she doesn't want any.
  - Mr. Jones doesn't like oranges, but I do.
    - What does he like?
    - He likes bananas.
  - Mr. Jones likes bananas, but I don't.
    - What do you like?
    - I like oranges.
  - Mrs. Bird doesn't like pears, but I do.
    - What does she like?
    - She likes apples.
  - Mrs. Bird likes apples, but I don't.
    - What do you like?
    - I like pears.
  - George doesn't like peaches, but I do.
    - What does he like?
    - He likes grapes.
  - George likes grapes, but I don't.
    - What do you like?
    - I like peaches.

# A pleasant climate.

- Does it ever snow in Greece?
  - Yes, it's sometimes snows in winter.
- 原文
  - Where do you come from?
  - I come from Greece.
  - What's the climate like in your country?
  - It's very pleasant.
  - What's the weather like in spring?
  - It's often windy in March. It's always warm in April and May, but it rains sometimes.
  - What's it like in summer?
  - It's always hot in June, July and Augest. The sun shines evey day.
  - Is it cold or warm in autumn?
  - It's always warm in Septemer and October, It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes.
  - Is it very cold in winter?
  - It's often cold in December, January and February. It snows sometimes.
- Greece：希腊
- climate：长时间的气候状况
- weather：短时间的天气状况
- 句型结构
  - Where does/do...come from?
  - What nationality is/are...?
- 句型练习
  - What's the climate like in your conutry? 你们国家的气候怎么样？
    - What's Jimmy like?  吉米人怎么样？
    - What's your village like? 你们的村子怎么样？
  - It doesn't snow in winter.  冬天不下雪
  - Where does he come from?
    - He comes from China.
  - Where do you come from?
    - We come from China.
  - What nationality is she?
  - What nationality are they?
    - They're American.
  - Where do you come from?
    - I come from the U.S.
    - What nationality are you?
      - I'm American.
  - Where does he come from?
    - He comes from Brazil.
    - What nationality is he?
      - He's Brazilian.
  - Where do you come from?
    - We come from England.
    - What nationality are you?
      - We're English.
  - Where do they come from?
    - They come from France.
    - What nationality are they?
      - They're French.
  - Where do I come from?
    - You come from Germany.
    - What nationality am I?
      - You're German.

# An interesting climate.

- What is the favourite subject of conversion in England?
  - The weather.
- 原文
  - Where do you come from?
  - I come from England.
  - What's the climate like in your country?
  - It's mild, but it's not always pleasant.
  - The weather's often cold in the North and windy in the East. It's often wet in the West and sometimes warm in the South.
  - Which seasons do you like best?
  - I like spring and summer. The days are long and the nights are short. The sun rises early and sets late.
  - I don't like autumn and winter. The days are short and the nights are long. The sun rises late and sets early.
  - Our climate is not very good. but it's certainly interesting. It's our favourite subject of conversion.
- mild：温和的；温暖的
- 句型结构
  - What's the weather like in the North?
  - Which seasons do you like best?
- 句型练习
  - The climate is mild in England.
    - Sometimes it's pleasant.
    - Sometimes it isn't.
  - My daughter likes pop music best.
  - You're early today.
  - Don't be late for shcool.
  - What's the weather like in the North?
    - It's often cold.
  - Where do you come from? Are you Australian?
    - Yes, I'm Australian.
    - I come from Australia.
  - Where does he come from? Is he Austrian?
    - Yes, he's Austrian.
    - He comes from Austria.
  - Where does he come from? Is he Canadian?
    - Yes, he's Canadian.
    - He comes from Canada.
  - Where do you come from? Are you China?
    - Yes, we're Chinese.
    - We come from China.
  - You are Finnish.
  - You come from Finland.
  - She is Indian.
  - She comes from India.
  - You are Japanese.
  - You come from Japan.
  - I am Korean.
  - I come from Korea.
  - They're Polish.
  - They come from Poland.
  - She's Thai.
  - She comes from Thailand.

# The Sawyer famliy.

- When do the children do their homework?
  - At night, before they go to bed.
- 原文
  - The Sawyers live at 87 King Street.
  - In the morning, Mr Sawyer goes to work and the children go to shcool. Their father take them to shcool every day.
  - Mrs Sawyers stays at home evey day. She does the housework. She always eats her lunch at noon.
  - In the afternoon, she usually sees her friends. They often drink tea together.
  - In the evening, the children come home from shcool. They arrive home early.
  - Mr Swayer comes home from work. He arrives home late.
  - At night, the children always do their homework. Then they go to bed. Mr Sweyer usually reads his newspaper. but sometimes  he and his wife watch television.
- 句型结构
  - What do/does...usually do?
- 句型练习
  - The Sawyers live at 87 King street.
    - The Sawyers live in King street.
    - The Sawyers live in Beijing.
  - What does she do in the morning?
    - She always makes the bed in the morning.
  - What does he do in the morning?
    - He always shaves in the morning.
  - What do they do in the evening?
    - Sometimes they listen to the stereo in the evening.
  - When does he clean the blackboard?
    - He always cleans the blackboard every day.
  - When do they go to bed?
    - They always go to bed early at night.
  - When does she wash the dishes?
    - She usually washes the dishes every day.
  - What does the cat do every day?
    - It usually drinks milk every day.
  - What do they do in the evening?
    - They sometimes watch television in the evening.
  - What does she do at noon?
    - She always eats her lunch at noon.
  - What does he do in the evening?
    - He often reads his newspaper in the evening.

# An unusual day.

- What is Mr. Sawyer doing tonight?
  - He's reading an interesting book.
- 原文
  - It is eight o'clock. The children go to shcool by car every day, but today, they are going to shcool on foot.
  - It is ten o'clock. Mrs Sawyer usually stays at home in the morning, but this morning, she is going to the shops.
  - It is four o'clock, In the afternoon, Mrs Sawyer usually drinks tea in the living-room, but this afternoon, she is drinking tea in the garden.
  - It is six o'clock, In the evening, the children usually do their homework, but this evening, they are not doing their homework, At the monment, they are playing in the garden.
  - It is nine o'clock, Mr, Sawyer usually reads his newspaper at night, but he is not reading his newspaper tonight. At the monment, he is reading an interesting book.
- 句型结构
  - What do/does...usually do?
  - What is/are...doing?
- 句型练习
  - What's the time?
  - What time is it?
  - How are they going to shcool today?
  - Where is Mrs. Sawyer drinking tea this afternoon?
  - What's the time?
    - It's one o'clock.
  - When does he usually shave evey day?
    - He usually shave at seven o'clcok.
  - When is he shaving today?
    - Today, he's shaving at eight o'clock.
  - What does she usually do in the morning?
    - She usually drinks tea in the morning.
  - What is she doing this mornig?
    - She is drinking coffee this morning.
  - What do they usually do in the afternoon?
    - They usually play in the garden in the afternoon.
  - What are the doing this afternoon?
    - They are swimming in the river this afternoon.
  - I usually cook a meal in the evening. But this evening, I'm reading a book.
  - We usually watch television at night. But tonight, we're listening to the stereo.

# Is that all?

- Does the lady buy any chalk?
  - No, she doesn't.
- 原文
  - I want some envelopes please.
  - Do you want the large size or the small size?
  - The large size please.
  - Do you have any writing-paper?
  - Yes, we do.
  - I don't have any small pads... I only have large ones. Do you want a pad?
  - Yes, please.
  - And I want some black ink and some glue.
  - A bottle of ink and a bottle of gule.
  - And I want a large box of chalk, too.
  - I only have small boxes, Do you want one?
  - No, thank you.
  - Is that all?
  - That's all, thank you.
  - What else do you want?
  - I want my change.
- pad：衬垫；护具；便笺簿；填补
- glue：胶；各种胶合物
- writing-paper：信纸
- 句型结构
  - Do you have any...?
- 句型练习
  - That's all for today.  今天就到这里了
  - keep the change.  不用找了，零钱你留着吧
  - Do you have any cheese?
    - I don't have any cheese, but I have some butter.
  - Do you have any jam?
    - I don't have any jam, but I have some honey.
  - Do you and Stella have any bread?
    - We don't have any bread, but we have some biscuits.
  - Do you and Sam have any potatoes?
    - We don't have any potatoes, but we have some peas.
  - Do Helen and Tim have any tomatoes?
    - They don't have any tomatoes, but they have some beans.
  - Do you have any eggs?
    - I don't have any eggs, but I have some peaches.
  - Do you and your friends have any bananas?
    - We don't have any bananas, but we have some grapes.
  - Do Mary and Tom have any steak?
    - They don't have any steak, but they have some mince.
  - Do you have any chicken?
    - I don't have any chicken, but I have some beer.
  - Do you and Jack have any whisky?
    - We don't have any whisky, but we have some wine.
  - Do Penny and Dan have any tobacco?
    - They don't have any tobacco, but they have some soap.

# A bad cold.

- What is good news for Jimmy?
  - He must stay in bed for a week.
- 原文
  - Where's Jimmy?
  - He's in bed.
  - What's the matter with him?
  - He feels ill.
  - He looks ill.
  - We must call the doctor.
  - Yes, we must.
  - Can you remember the doctor's telephone number?
  - Yes, it's 09754.
  - Open your mouth, Jimmy, Show me your tongue, Say 'Ah'.
  - What's the matter with him, doctor?
  - He has a bad cold, Mr Williams, so he must stay in bed for a week.
  - That's good news for Jimmy.
  - Good news? Why?
  - Because he doesn't like shcool!
- 句型结构
  - What's the matter with...?
  - What must...do?
- 句型练习
  - How does he feel?
  - What' the matter with her?
    - She has a headache.
    - What must she do?
    - She must take an aspirin.
  - What's the matter with Geroge?
    - He has an earache.
    - What must he do?
    - He must see a doctor.
  - What's the matter with him?
    - He has a toothache.
    - What must he do?
    - He must see a dentist.
  - What's the matter with Jane?
    - She has a stomachache.
    - What must she do?
    - She must take some medicine.
  - What's the matter with Sam?
    - He has a temperature. So he must go to bed.
  - What's the matter with Dave?
    - He has flu. So he must stay in bed.

# Thank you, doctor.

- Who else is in bed today? Why?
  - Mr William, he has a bad cold, too.
- 原文
  - How's Jimmy, today?
  - He's better, thank you, doctor.
  - Can I see him please, Mrs Williams?
  - Certainly, doctor. Come upstairs.
  - You look very well, Jimmy. You are better now, but you mustn't get up yet. You must stay in bed for another two days.
  - The boy mustn't go to shcool yet, Mrs Williams. And he mustn't eat rich food.
  - Does he have a temperature, doctor?
  - No, he doesn't.
  - Must he stay in bed?
  - Yes, he must remain in bed for another two days. He can get up for about two hours each day, but you must keep the room warm.
  - Where's Mr William this evening?
  - He's in bed, doctor. Can you see him, please? He has a bad cold, too!
- 句型结构
  - Don't...!
  - You mustn't...!
- 句型练习
  - Don't take an aspirins.
  - You mustn't take any asprins.
  - Don't take this medicine.
  - You mustn't take this medicine.
  - Don't play with matches.
  - You mustn't play with matches.
  - Don't talk in the library.
  - You mustn't talk in the libray.
  - Don't make a noise.
  - You mustn't make a noise.
  - Don't drive to quickly.
  - You mustn't drive to quickly.
  - Don't lean out of the window.
  - You mustn' lean out of the window.
  - Don't break the vase.
  - You mustn't break the vase.

# Not a baby.

- Does Jill take the key to the front door?
  - Yes, she does.
- 原文
  - What are you going to do this evening, Jill?
  - I'm going to meet some friends, Dad.
  - You mustn't come home late. You must be home at half past ten.
  - I can't get home so early, Dad. Can I have the key to the front door, please?
  - No, you can't.
  - Jill's eighteen years old, Tom. She's not a baby. Give her the key. She always comes home early.
  - Oh, all right!
  - Here you are. But you mustn't come home after a quarter past eleven. Do you hear?
  - Yes, Dad.
  - Thanks, Mum.
  - Tha's all right. Goodbye. Enjoy yourslef!
  - We always enjoy ourselves, Mum. Bye-Bye.
- 句型结构
  - 具体日期前面用on：on July 18th
  - 在月份前面用in：in July
  - When must I be home?
  - You must be home at (half past/a quarter past/a querter to) ten.
- 句型练习
  - When must you come home?
    - I must come home at one o'clock.
  - When must she go to the library?
    - She must go go the library at a quarter past one.
  - When must you and Tom see the dentist?
    - We must see the dentist at a quarter to four.
  - When must you type this letter?
    - I must type this letter at two o'clock.
  - When must Sam and Penny see the boss?
    - They must see the boss at half past one.
  - When must George take this medicine?
    - He must take this medicine at a quarter past three.
  - When must Sophie drive to London?
    - She must drive to London at half past two.
  - When must I catch the bus?
    - I must catch the bus at half past three.
  - When must you arrive there?
    - I must arrive there at three o'clock.
  - When must they come home?
    - They must come home at a quarter past two.
  - When must you meet Tom?
    - I must meet Tom at a quarter to two.
  - When must he telephone you?
    - He must telephone me at a quarter to three.
  - When's your birthday?
    - My birthday's on July the 18th.
  - When's his brithday?
    - His brithday's on the 23rd of July.
  - We're enjoying ourselves.  我们正玩得高兴呢

# The weekend.

- What are the Johnsons going to do at the weekend?
  - They're going to stay in the country for the week-end.
- 原文
  - Hello, Mrs Williams. Were you at the butcher's?
  - Yes, I was. Were you at the butcher's, too?
  - No, I wasn't. I was at the greengrocer's. How's Jimmy today?
  - He's very well, thank you.
  - Was he absent from shool last week?
  - Yes, he was absent on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. How are you all keeping?（你们身体怎么样？）
  - Very well, thank you. We're going to spend three days in the country. We're going to stay at my mother's for the week-end.
  - Friday, Saturday and Sunday in the country! Aren't you lucky!（你们真幸运啊！）
- 在星期前用on：on Monday
- 句型结构
  - 一般过去时
  - was/were
- 句型练习
  - I'm going to spend a week in Shanghai.  我打算去上海待几天
  - I'm spend ten yuan on this book.  我花了10元买这本书
  - Were you at shcool last Friday?
    - No, I wasn't.
    - I was at the doctor's.
    - My mother was with me.
    - She was absent from work. 她没有去上班
  - What's the time?
    - It's five past one.
    - It's twenty-five past one.
    - It's five to two.
  - Where were you on Sunday, January 1st?
    - I was at church.
  - Where was he on Monday, February 2nd?
    - He was at shcool.
  - Where was Miss Grey on Tuesday, March 3nd?
    - She was at the office.
  - Where was Tom on Thursday, May 5th?
    - He was at the hairdresser's.
  - When was Penny at the baker's?
    - She was there on Friday, June 6th.
  - When were you at the dairy?
    - I was at the dairy on Staurday, July 7th.
  - Where was Mrs. Williams on Monday, September 9th?
    - She was at the grocer's.

# The car race.

- Which car was the winner in 1995?
  - Car number fifteen.
- 原文
  - There is a car race near our town every year. In 1995, there was a very big race.
  - There were hundreds of people there. My wife and I were at the race. Our friends, Julie and Jack were there, too.
  - You can see us in the crowd. We are standing on the left.
  - There were twenty cars in the race. There were English cars, French cars, German cars, Italian cars, American cars and Japanese cars.
  - It was an exciting finish. The winner was Billy Stewart. He was in car number fifteen. Five other cars were just behind him.
  - On the way home, my wife said to me, "Don't drive so quickly! You're not Billy Stewart!".
- exciting finish：激动人心的结尾
- hundreds of：成百上千
- thousands of ：成千上万
- millions of：成百上千万
- on the way home
- on the way to shcool
- on the way to the race
- 介词
  - at seven o'clock.
  - on Monday.
  - on April 21st.
  - in September.
  - in autumn.
  - in 2002.
  - at home.
  - at the office.
  - in Italy.
- 句型结构
  - We were in the U.S. in 2001.
  - They were there, too.
- 句型练习
  - It was an exciting finish.  比赛的结尾令人激动人心
  - There was an exciting football match last Saturday.
  - There were thousands of people there.
  - When were you at the stationer's?
    - We were there on Monday.
  - When were they at the park?
    - They were there on January 21st.
  - When were you and Susan in Canada?
    - We were there in September.
  - When were Penny and Sam in Japan?
    - They were there in 1994.
  - Where were you on Saturday?
    - We were at the dairy.
  - Where were they on May 25th?
    - They were at home.
  - Where were you and Steven in November?
    - We were in Denmark.
  - Where were Jane and Ann in 1985?
    - They were in India.

# He's awful!

- How did Pauline answer the telephone at nine o'clock?
  - She said, "This is Pauline's mother, please don't telephone my daugther again!".
- 原文
  - What's Ron Marston like , Pauline?
  - He's awful! He telephone me four times yesterday, and three times the day before yesterday.
  - He telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon. My boss answered the telephone.
  - What did your boss say to him?
  - He said, "Pauline is typing letters, She can't speak to you now!"
  - Then I arrived home at six o'clock yesterday evening. He telephoned again. But I didn't answer the phone!
  - Did he telephone again last night?
  - Yes, he did. He telephoned at nine o'clock.
  - What did you say to him?
  - I said, "This is Pauline's mother, Please don't telephone my daughter again !".
  - Did he telephone again?
  - No, he didn't.
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - Did you telephone Jane last night?
    - No, I didn't.
  - What did they do this morning?
    - They cleaned their shoes.
  - What did she do this evening?
    - She turned on the television.
  - What did he do last night?
    - He listened to the stereo.
  - What did Mr. Williams do the day before yesterday in the afternoon?
    - He arrived home.
  - What did the children do yesterday afternoon?
    - They played a game.
  - When did he shave?
    - He shaved in the morning.
  - When did he climb the tree?
    - He climbed the tree this afternoon.
  - When did she telephone her husband?
    - She telephoned her husband yesterday evening.
  - When did Mrs. Williams call the doctor?
    - She called the doctor the night before last.
  - When did Penny empty the basket?
    - Penny emptied the basket the day before yesterday in the evening.

# The way to King Street.

- Why did the man need a phrasebook?
  - Because he didn't speak English.
- 原文
  - Last week Mrs Mills went to London. She does not know London very well, and she lost her way.
  - Suddely, she saw a man near a bus-stop. "I can ask him the way". She said to herself. （她心想）
  - "Excuse me," she said.
  - "Can you tell me the way to King Street please?"
  - The man smiled pleasantly. He did not understand English! He spoke German. He was a tourist.
  - Then he put his hand into his pocket, and took out a phrase-book.
  - He opened the book and found a phrase. He read the phrase slowly.
  - "I am sorry," he said. "I don't speak English"
- think aloud：自言自语
- talk about her trip to London：讲一讲她去伦敦的旅行
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - I know him very well.  我和他很熟 / 我很了解他
  - I don't know the city very well. 我对这个城市不熟悉
  - She does not know London very well, so she lost her way.
  - It rained heavily and we stayed at home.  雨下得很大，因此我们待在家里
  - The man smiled pleasantly.
  - There was a pleasantly smile on his face.
  - Why did he cut himself this morning?
    - Because he shaved hurriedly.
  - What did he do?
    - He took a cake and ate it quickly.
  - What did you give him?
    - I gave him a glass of water.
    - What did he do with it?
    - He drank it thirtily.
  - When did you meet her?
    - I met her the day before yesterday.
  - How did she greet you?
    - She greeted me warmly.
  - Why did you both arrive home late?
    - Because the bus went slowly.
  - How did the keyboard operators work this morning?
    - They worked very hard.
  - How did you enjoy yourselves last night?
    - We enjoyed ourselves very much.
  - How did he swim this afternoon?
    - He swam very well.

# Uncomfortable shoes.

- What's wrong with the fashionable shoes?
  - They're very uncomfortable.
- 原文
  - Have you any shoes like these?
  - What size?
  - Size five.
  - What color?
  - Black.
  - I'm sorry, we don't have it.
  - But my sister bought this pair last month.
  - Did she buy them here?
  - No, she bought them in the U.S.
  - We had some shoes like those a month ago, but we haven't any now.
  - Can you get a pair for me please?
  - I'm afraid that I can't. They were in fashion last year and the year before last. But they're not in fashion this year.
  - These shoes are in fashion now.
  - They look very uncomfortable.
  - They are very uncomfortable. But women always wear uncomfortable shoes!
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - I'm afraid that I can't cook very well.
  - I'm afraid that I didn't buy any ink.  恐怕我没有买墨水
  - When did she talk to the shop assistant?
    - She talked to the shop assistant two days ago.
  - When did you look a photograph?
    - I looked at a photograph an hour ago.
  - When did the cat jump off the wall?
    - It jumped off the wall five minutes ago.
  - When did he walk across the park?
    - He walked across the park last week.
  - When did Tim wash his hands?
    - He wahsed his hands half an hour ago.
  - When did he work in an office?
    - He worked in an office the year before last.
  - When did she ask a question?
    - She asked a question ten minutes ago.
  - When did she type those letters?
    - She typed those letters a month ago.
  - When did they watch television?
    - They watched television evey day this week.
  - When did Mrs. Mills talk to the salesman?
    - She talked to the salesman last week.
  - When did she thank her father?
    - She thanked her father an hour ago.
  - When did she dust the cupboard?
    - She dusted the cupboard three days ago.
  - When did George paint that bookcase?
    - He painted that bookcase the year before last.
  - When did they wait at the bus stop?
    - They waited at the bus stop fourty minustes ago.
  - When did he want a car like that one?
    - He wanted a car like that one a year ago?
  - When did he greet her?
    - He greeted her a minutes ago.

# Terrible toothache.

- What time of day is it, do you think? How do you know?
  - Well, its' in the morning. Because the nurse says. "Good morning, Mr Croft." and "Can't you wait till this afternoon".
- 原文
  - Good morning, Mr Croft.
  - Good morning, nurse. I want to see the dentist, please.
  - Have you an appointment?
  - No, I haven't.
  - Is it urgent?
  - Yes, it is. It's very urgent. I feel awful. I have a terrible toothcache.
  - Can you come at 10 a.m on Monday, April 24th?
  - I must see the dentist now, nurse.
  - The dentist is very busy at the monment. Can you come at 2:00 PM?
  - That's very late. Can't the dentist see me now?
  - I'm afraid that he can't, Mr Croft. Can't you wait till this afternoon?
  - I can wait, but my toothache can't!
- urgent：紧急的；急迫的
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - I need to see the doctor.
  - The boss wants to see me.
  - He wanted to play in the garden ten minutes ago.  十分钟前，他想在花园里玩
  - The rain may last till Friday.  雨会一直下到星期五
  - The street is full of traffic from morning till night.  这条街从早到晚交通都很拥挤
  - Are you better now?
    - I'm better, but my cold isn't.
  - When did you see him?
    - Half an hour ago.
    - I saw him at half past seven.
  - When did she go to London?
    - The day before yesterday.
    - She went to London on Wednesday.
  - When did Mr. Jones buy the car?
    - He bought it in May.
  - When did you paint this room?
    - Last year.
    - I painted it in 1987.
  - It's the fifth of January.
  - When did she meet him?
    - Two months ago.
    - She met him on the fifth of November.
  - When did they arrive?
    - Half an hour ago.
    - They arrived at a quarter to eleven.
  - When did he lose his pen?
    - Yesterday.
    - He lost it on Saturday.
  - When did you call the doctor?
    - The month before last.
    - I called the doctor in Januray.
  - When did they buy this house?
    - The year before last.
    - They bought it in 1986.
  - When did she speak to him?
    - A month ago.
    - She spoke to him on July the first.

# Carol's shopping list.

- What is Carol not going to buy?
  - Beer and wine.
- 原文
  - What are you doing, Peggy?
  - I'm making a shopping-list, Tom.
  - What do we need?
  - We need a lot of things this week.
  - I must go to the grocer's. We haven't got much tea or coffee, and we haven't got any suger or jam.
  - What about vegetables?
  - I must go to the greengrocer's. We haven't got many tomatoes, but we've got a lot of potatos.
  - I must go to the butcher's, too. We need some meat. We haven't got any meat at all.
  - Have we got any beer and wine?
  - No, we haven't. And I'm not going to get any!
  - I hope that you're got some money.
  - I haven't got much.
  - Well, I haven't got much either!
- 句型结构
  - What do we nedd?
  - We need a lot of things.
  - We haven't got (much tea/many tomatoes/any tea/any tomatoes at all).
- 句型练习
  - We must buy some tomatoes, but we needn't buy any potatos.
  - Have we got any beer and wine? = Do we have any beer and wine?
    - No, we haven't.
  - We have some cheese.
  - We've got some cheese.
  - We doesn't have any biscuits.
  - He hasn't got any biscuits.
  - Have you any eggs?
    - I need a lot of eggs.
    - I haven't got many.
    - I must go to the grocer's to get some eggs.
  - Has he got any jam?
    - He needs a lot of jam.
    - He hasn't got much.
    - He must go to the grocer's to get some jam.
  - Have we got any oranges?
    - We need a lot of oranges.
    - We haven't got many.
    - We must go to the greengrocer's to get some oranges.
  - Has she got any beef?
    - She needs a lot of beef.
    - She hasn't got much.
    - She must got to the butcher's to get some beef.
  - Have you got any glue?
    - We need a lot of glue.
    - We haven't got much.
    - We must go to the newsagen's to get some glue.
  - Has she got any cakes?
    - She needs a lot of cakes.
    - She hasn't got many.
    - She must go to the baker's to get some cakes.
  - Have they got any medicine?
    - They need a lot of medicine.
    - They haven't got much.
    - They must go to the chemist's to get some medicine.

# Roast beef and potatoes.

- Why is Carol disapointed?
- 原文
  - Hello, Carol! Where's Tom!
  - He's upstaris. He's having a bath.
  - Tom!
  - Yes?
  - John's here.
  - I'm nearly ready.
  - Hello, John. Have a cigarette.
  - No thanks, Tom.
  - Have a glass of whisky then.
  - OK. Thanks.
  - Is dinner ready, Peggy?
  - It's nearly ready. We can have dinner at seven o'clock.
  - John and I had lunch together today. We went to a restaurant.
  - What did you have?
  - We had roast beef and potatoes.
  - Oh!
  - What's the matter, Carol?
  - Well, you're going to have roast beef and potatoes again tongiht!
- Have a meal：吃一餐饭
- Have lunch
- Have a cup of coffee
- Have a bath
- Have a swim
- have a haircut
- have a lesson
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - What are they going to do?
    - They are going to have breakfast.
  - What are they doing?
    - They are having lunch.
  - What must they do?
    - They must have tea.
  - What did they do?
    - They had dinner.
  - What must they do?
    - They must have a meal.
  - What is Tom going to do?
    - He is going to have a swim.
  - What is he doing?
    - He's having a bath.
  - What did he do?
    - He had a haircut.
  - What are they doing?
    - They are having a lesson.
  - What did they do?
    - They had a party.
  - What must they do?
    - They must have a holiday.
  - What are they going to do?
    - They are going to have a good time.

# Going on a holiday.

- Where did Sam go for his holiday this year?
  - He stayed at home.
- 原文
  - Hello, Sam. Come in.
  - Hello, Sam. We're having lunch. Do you want go to have lunch with us?
  - No, thank you, Tom. I've already had lunch. I had lunch at half past twelve.
  - Have a cup of coffee then.
  - I've just had a cup, thank you. I had one after my lunch.
  - Let's go into the living-room, Peggy. We can have our coffee there.
  - Excuse this mess, Sam. This room's very untidy. We're packing our suitcases. We're going to leave tomorrow. Tom and I are going to have a holiday.
  - Aren't you lucky!
  - When are you going to have a holiday, Sam?
  - I don't know. I've already had my holiday this year.
  - Where did you go?
  - I stayed at home!
- 句型结构
  - 现在完成时 ：have + 动词过去分词
  - Have you had...?
- 句型练习
  - Tom has just had a cup of coffee. 现在完成时
  - Have you had lunch?
    - Yes, I have.
    - I've already/just had lunch.
    - No, I haven't.
    - I haven't had lunch yet.
  - I've already had some lettuce.
  - I've already had some beer.
  - I've just had a cup of tea.
  - I've just had a apple.
  - Have you had any fruit or vegetables?
    - I haven't had any fruit.
    - I've just had some vegetables.
  - Have they had any oranges or peaches?
    - They haven't had any oranges.
    - They've just had some peaches.
  - Has he had any cabbage or beans?
    - He hasn't had any cabbage.
    - She has just had some beans.
  - Has she had any beef or chicken?
    - She hasn't had any beef.
    - She has already had some chicken.
  - Has she had any milk or coffee?
    - She hasn't had any milk.
    - She's already had some coffee.

# Paris in the Spring.

- At what time of year did Ken visit Paris?
  - In Spring, in Apirl.
- 原文
  - Hello, Ken.
  - Hello, George.
  - Have you just been to the cinema?
  - Yes, I have.
  - What's on?
  - "Paris in the Spring".
  - Oh, I've already seen it. I saw it on BBC television programme last year. It's an old film, but it's very good.
  - Paris is a beautiful city.
  - I have never been there. Have you ever been there, Ken?
  - Yes, I have. I was there in Apirl.
  - It was spring, but the weather was awful. It rained all the time.
  - Just like London!
- 句型结构
  - Have you ever been to Paris?
  - I've never been there.
  - I've just been there.
  - I was there last month.
- 句型练习
  - I have just been to the office.  我刚刚去过办公室了
  - She has already gone to shcool.  她已经去上学了
  - What's on television tonight? 今天晚上电视有什么节目
  - I never liked fast food.
  - He has never been to such an enjoyable party.  他从来没参加过这么有趣的聚会
  - It rained all the time = The rain never stopped.
  - The hotel just like home.  这个旅店就像家一样
  - I've just arrived at the hotel.  我刚刚到酒店
  - What has she just done?
    - She has just aired the room.
  - What have they just done?
    - They have just cleaned their shoes.
  - What have you just done?
    - I've just opened the window.
  - What have they just done?
    - They're just listened to the stereo.
  - What has she just done?
    - She has boiled some milk.
  - When did she boil the milk?
    - She boiled the milk ten minutes ago.
  - What has he just done?
    - He has just answered the telephone.
    - When did he do so?
    - He did so an hour ago?
  - What have you done?
    - I've emptied the basket.
    - When did you do it?
    - I did it yesterday morning.
  - I've already asked a question.
  - I asked a question two minutes ago.
  - I've already washed my hands.
  - I washed my hands twenty minutes ago.
  - Painted the bookcase!
    - I've already done so.
    - I did so a year ago.
  - Dust the cupboard!
    - I've already done it.
    - I did it this afternoon.

# A car crash.

- Can the mechanics repair Mr.Wood's car?
  - No, they can't.
- 原文
  - Is my car ready yet?
  - I don't know, sir. What's the licence number of your car?
  - It's LFZ 312 G.
  - When did you bring it to us?
  - I brought it here three days ago.
  - Ah yes, I remember now.
  - Have your mechanics finished yet?
  - No, they're still working on it. Let's go into the garage and have a look at it.
  - Isn't that your car?
  - Well, it was my car.
  - Didn't you have a crash?
  - That's right. I drove it into a lamp post. Can your mechanics repair it?
  - Well, they're trying to repair it, sir. But to tell you the truth, you need a new car.
- garage：车库，汽车修理厂
- crash：碰撞；崩溃；坠落
- work on：对...起作用，企图影响、说服
- have a look at：看一看
- lamp-post：电线杆
- drive..into：撞到...
- 句型结构
  - Have you...yet? 你做了...了吗？
- 句型练习
  - bring us your car = bring your car to us.
  - He always brings some flowers when he visits me.
  - Isn't that your car? 那不就是你的车吗？
  - Can't you lend me you book? 你就不能把你的书借给我吗？
  - It was my car = It used to be my car.  曾经是我的车
  - That's right, That's true.
  - Have you found your watch yet?
    - Yes, I have.
    - I found it half an hour ago.
    - No, I haven't.
    - I'm still looking for it.
  - Have you met Mrs. Jones yet?
    - Yes, I have.
    - When did you meet her?
    - I met her two weeks ago.
  - Has the boss left yet?
    - Yes, he has.
    - When did he leave?
    - He left ten minutes ago.
  - Have you had breakfast yet?
    - Yes, we have.
    - When did you have it?
    - We had it at half past seven.
  - Has she found her pen yet?
    - Yes , she has.
    - When did he find it?
    - She found it an hour ago.
  - Has he got a television yet?
    - Yes, he has.
    - When did he get it?
    - He got it two weeks ago.
  - Have you sent the letter yet?
    - Yes, I have.
    - When did you send it?
    - I sent it the day before yesterday.
  - Has she swept the floor yet?
    - Yes, she has.
    - When did she sweep it?
    - She swept it yesterday afternoon.

# For sale.

-  Why couldn't Nigel decide?
  - Because his wife must see it first.
- 原文
  - Good afternoon. I believe that this house is for sale.
  - That's right.
  - May I have a look at it please?
  - Yes, of course. Come in.
  - How long have you lived here?
  - I have lived here for twenty years.
  - Twenty years! That's long time.
  - Yes, I have been here since 1947.
  - Then why do you want to sell it?
  - Because I have just retired. I want to buy a small house in the country.
  - How much does this house cost?
  - $68500.
  - That's a lot of money!
  - It's worth every penny of it!
  - Well, I like the house, but I can't decide yet. My wife must see it first.
  - Women always have the last word.  女人总是最后说了算
- 句型结构
  - How long have you lived in this house?
    - I've lived here for twenty years.
  - How long has she been in London?
    - She has been here since 1990.
- 句型练习
  - May I come in? 不熟悉可以这么说
  - Can I come in?  熟悉后可以这么说
  - How long have you studied in that shcool?
    - I've studied there for four years?
  - This computer is not worth so much money.
  - Have you read this book yet?
    - Yes, I have.
    - When did you read it?
    - I read it last year.
  - Have you done your homework yet?
    - Yes, I have.
    - When did you do it?
    - I did it half an hour ago.
  - Has she spoken to him yet?
    - Yes, she has.
    - When did she spoken to him?
    - She spoken to him yesterday.
  - Did you swim across the river last week?
    - Yes, I swam across the river last week.
    - What about Ron and Betty?
    - They haven't swam across the river week yet.
  - Did you go to London yesterday?
    - Yes, I went to London yesterday.
    - What about your mother?
    - She hasn't gone to London yet.
  - Did you see that film last week?
    - Yes, I saw that film last week.
    - What about the children?
    - They haven't seen that film yet.
  - Did you take your medicine this morning?
    - Yes, I took my medicine this morning.
    - What about Penny?
    - She hasn't taken her medicine yet.

# Poor Ian!

- Who wanted to sell the house?
  - Ian's wife.
- 原文
  - Has Ian sold this house yet?
  - Yes, he has. He sold it last week.
  - Has he moved to his new house yet?
  - No, not yet. He's still here. He's going to move tomorrow.
  - When? Tomorrow morning?
  - No, Tomorrow afternoon. I'll miss him. He has always been a good neighbour.
  - He's very nice person. We'll all miss him.
  - When will the new people move into this house?
  - I think that they will move in the day after tomorrow.
  - Will you see Mr West today, Mrs Brown?
  - Yes, I will.  /No, I won't.
  - Please give him my regards.
  - Poor Ian! He didn't want to leave this house.
  - No, he didn't want to leave, but his wife did!
- 句型结构
  - 一般将来时
  - What will...?
  - When will...?
- 句型练习
  - My husband and I will both miss him.
  - She's the right person for the job.  她是做这项工作的合适人选
  - He didn't go to shcool last week, did he?
    - No, he didn't.  是的，他没有去上学
    - Yes, he did.  不，他去上学了
  - What will you do tomorrow?
    - I'll go to the country.
  - When will you leave?
    - I'll leave at seven o'clock.
  - When will it rain?
    - It will rain tomorrow.
  - When will it snow?
    - It will snow the day before tomorrow.
  - When will he get up?
    - He'll get up at eleven.
  - When will he finish work?
    - He'll finish work tomorrow night.
  - When will you have a hoilday?
    - We'll have a hoilday the day after tomorrow.
  - When will they drive home?
    - They'll drive home this afternoon.
  - When will you have a haircut?
    - I'll have a haircut the day after tomorrow in the morning.
  - When will she telephone me?
    - She'll telephone you night.
  - When will he pack this bags?
    - He'll pack his bag tomorrow.
  - When will she sweep the floor?
    - She'll sweep the floor tomorrow.
  - When will they repair your car?
    - They'll repair my car tomorrow.
  - When will he make an appointment?
    -  He'll make an appointment tomorrow.

# Our new neighbour.

- Why is Nigel a lucky man?
  - Because he's only forty-one years old, and he has already been to nearly every country in the world.
- 原文
  - Nigel is our new next-door neighbour. He's pilot.
  - He was in the RAF.（皇家空军）
  - He will fly to New York next month.
  - The month after next he will fly to Tokyo.
  - At the monment, he's in Madrid. He flew to Spain a week ago.
  - He will return to London the week after next.
  - He's only forty-one years old, and he has already been to nearly every country in the world.
  - Nigel is a very luckly man. But his wife isn't very lucky. She usually stays at home!
- 句型结构
  - When did...go to...?
  - When will...go to...?
- 句型练习
  - She moved into this neighbourhood a week ago, and she has already known everyone.
    - 她一个星期以前才搬来这个街区住的，但是她几乎已经认识了这里的所有人
  - When did he go to New York?
    - He went to New York last week.
  - When will he go to Paris?
    - He'll go to Paris next month.
  - Will you go to Athens next week?
    - No, I won't go to Athens next week.
    - I will go to Beijing.
  - Will you and Jane fly to Berlin this week?
    - No, we won't fly to Berlin this week.
    - We will fly to Bombay.
  - Will Penny return to Geneva next year?
    - No, she won't renturn to Geneva next year.
    - She will return to London.
  - Will Sam leave for Madrid next month?  Sam下个月要去马德里了吗？
    - No, he won't leave for Madrid nexgt week.
    - He will leave for Moseow.
  - Will Alice and Mary stay in New York the week after next?
    - No, they won't stay in New York the week after next.
    - They will stay in Paris.
  - When did you go to Rome?
    - I went to Rome last year.
  - When will you go again?
    - I'll go again next year.
  - When did Helen come to Seoul?
    - She came last month.
  - When will she come again?
    - She'll come again next month.
  - Where will your friends fly to the month after next?
    - They'll fly to Stockholm.
  - Where will you and Stella leave for next week?
    - We'll leave for Sydney.
  - Where will Peter return from this month?  Peter 这个月从什么地方回来
    - He'll return from Tokyo.

# Tickets, please.

- Why did George and Ken miss the train?
  - Because that clock's ten minutes slow.
- 原文
  - Two return tickets to London please. What time will the next train leave?
  - At ninteen minutes past eight.
  - Which platform?
  - Platform Two. Over the brdge.
  - What time will the next train leave?
  - At eight nineteen.
  - We've got plenty of time.
  - It's only three minutes to eight.
  - Let's go and have a drink. There's bar next door to the station.
  - We had better go back to the station now, Ken.
  - Tickets please.
  - We want to catch the eight nineteen to London.
  - You've just missed it!
  - What! It's only eight fifteen.
  - I'm sorry, sir. That clock's ten minutes slow.
  - When's the next train?
  - In five hour's time.
- platform tickets：站台票
- plenty of：大量的；许多的
- porter：收票员；门房；守门人；服务员；行李搬运工
- conductor：售票员, 列车长
- 句型结构
  - When did...?
  - When will...?
- 句型练习
  - There's plenty of rain in the west of England.  英格拉西部雨水很充足
  - We have plenty of vagetables.
  - The next train will leave in five hours' time.  in two minutes' time/in three months' time/in years' time
  - When did they fly to Guangzhou?
    - They flew there three days ago.
  - When will they return to Beijing?
    - They'll return in four days' time.
  - Tom flew to Stockholm two weeks ago.
    - What about Penny?
    - She will fly to Stockholm in two weeks' time.
  - Frank and Alan returned to Tokyo four days ago.
    - What about you and Jean?
    - We will return to Tokyo in four days' time.
  - A train left for Geneva an hour ago.
    - What about the next time?
    - It will leave for Geneva in an hours' time.
  - Alice flew to Rome five weeks ago.
    - What about you?
    - I will fly to Rome in five weeks' time.
  - A plane left for Berlin three hour ago.
    - What about the next plane?
    - It will leave for Berlin in three hour's time.
  - When did you arrive in Athens?
    - I arrived in Athens two days ago.
  - When will you return to Moseow?
    - I'll return to Moseow in two days' time.
  - When did Tom and Sally come to Madrid?
    - They came to Madrid a week ago.
  - When will they fly to Seoul?
    - They'll fly to Seoul in a weeks' time.

# A small blue case.

- Does Mr. Hall get his case back?
  - No, he doesn't.
- 原文
  - I left a suitcase on the train to London the other way.
  - Can you describe it, sir?
  - It's a small blue case and it's got a zip（箱子上有拉链）. There's a label on the handle with my name and address on it.
  - Is this case yours?
  - No, that's not mine.
  - What about this one? This one's got a label.
  - Let me see it.
  - What's your name and address?
  - David Hall, 83, Brdge Street.
  - That's right. D.N.Hall.83.Bridge Street.
  - Three pound and fifty pence please.
  - Here you are.
  - Thank you.
  - Hey!
  - What's the matter?
  - This case doesn't belong to me! You're given me the wrong case!
- handle：n.柄；把手；手感；口实；vt.买卖；处理；操作；触摸；运用
- 句型结构
  - Who is it?
  - This is my case.
  - This case belongs to me.
  - This case is mine.
- 句型练习
  - The other day = a few days ago.  几天以前
  - I left my pen in the meeting room.  我把钢笔忘在了会议室里
  - A house with swimming pool. 一个带游泳池的房子
  - A man with a suitcase.  你一个拿着手提箱的人
  - Are these your keys?
    - Yes, they're mine. They belong to me.
  - Is this John's letter?
    - Yes, it's his. It belongs to him.
  - Are these my clothes?
    - Yes, they're yours. They belong to you.
  - Is this Jane's passport?
    - Yes, it's hers. It belongs to her.
  - Are these their tickets?
    - Yes, they're theirs. They belong to them.
  - Is this you watch?
    - Yes, it's mine. It belong to me.
  - Are these her flowers?
    - Yes, they're hers. They belong to her.
  - Is this my boat?
    - Yes, it's yours. It belongs to you.
  - Is this Jim's phrasebook?
    - Yes, it's his. It belongs to him.
  - Are these hammers Frank's and Harry's?
    - Yes, they're theirs. They belong to them.
  - Is this your car?
    - Yes, it's ours. It belongs to us.
  - Are these the children's pens?
    - Yes, they're theirs. They belong to them.

# Ow!

- Must Andy go to see the doctor?
  - No, he can't move. so the doctor must come see him.
- 原文
  - Ow!
  - What's the matter, Ted?
  - I slipped and fell downstairs.
  - Have you hurt yourself?
  - Yes, I have. I think that I've hurt my back.
  - Try and stand up. Can you stand up? Here. Let me help you.
  - I'm sorry. I'm afraid that I can't get up.
  - I think that the doctor had better see you. I'll telephone Dr Carter.
  - The doctor says that he will come at once. I'm sure that you need an X-ray, Ted.
- slip：滑到，滑了一跤
- waist：腰
- ankle：脚踝
- 句型结构
  - I'm afraid / sorry / sure that...
  - I think / believe that...
  - He says that...
- 句型练习
  - He fell into the river.
    - The book fell off the table onto the floor. 书从桌子上掉下来掉在地板上
  - I'm sure that the doctor needs to X-ray your back.
  - I think that the doctor had better see you.
  - The doctor says that he will come at once.
  - What does he say?
    - He says that he feels tired.
  - What do they say?
    - They say that they are thirsty.
  - What does she say?
    - She says that she is cold.
  - What's the matter with him?
    - He says that he feels ill.
  - What's the matter with him?
    - He says that he has a cold.
  - What's the matter with her?
    - She says that she has a headache.
  - What's the matter with her?
    - She says that she has an earache.
  - What's the matter with they?
    - They say that they have got a toothache.
  - What does he need?
    - He says that he needs a haircut.
  - What does she need?
    - She says that she needs a licence.
  - What does he want?
    - He says that he wants an X-ray.
  - What do they want?
    - They say that they want some money.
  - What must she do?
    - She says that she must wait for a bus.
  - What must he do?
    - He says that he must catch the bus.
  - What can he do?
    - He says that he can repair this car.
  - What will he do?
    - He says that he will sell the house.

# A card from Jimmy.

- Does Grandmother seem pleased to get card from Jimmy? Why/Why not?
  - Not really, She says he doesn't write very much.
- 原文
  - Read Jimmy's card to me please, Mary.
  - "I have just arrived in Scotland and I'm staying at a Youth Hostel."
  - Eh?
  - He says he's just arrived in Scotland. He says he's staying at a Youth Hostel. You know He's member of the YHA.
  - The what?
  - The YHA, mother. The Youth Hostel's Association.
  - What else does he say?
  - "I'll write a letter soon. I hope you are all well."
  - What? Speak up, Mary. I'm afriad I can't hear you.
  - He says he'll write a letter soon. He hopes we are all well. "Love, Jimmy."
  - Is that all? He doesn't say very much. does he?
  - He can't write vary much on a card, mother.
- Scotland：苏格兰
- association：协会
- The Youth Association：青年招待所协会
- 句型结构
  - I'm afraid...
  - He says...
  - He hopes...
  - 可以省略that
- 句型练习
  - Speak up = Louder
  - He doesn't say very much, does he?  他没说多少，是吗？
    - No, he doesn't. 是的，他没说多少
    - Yes, he does. 不，他说了很多
  - I write to my family regularly.  我按时向家里写信
  - The teacher wrote the answers on the blackboard.  老师把答案写在了黑板上
  - What does he say?
    - He says he feels tired.
  - What do they say?
    - They say they are thirsty.
  - What's matter with her?
    - She says she's got a headache.
  - What does she need?
    - She says she needs a lisence.
  - What will he do?
    - He says he will sell the house.

# The French test.

- How long did the exam last?
  - Three hours.
- 原文
  - How was the examination, Dick?
  - Not too bad. I think I passed in English and Mathematics. The questions were very easy. How about you, Harry?
  - The English and Maths papers weren't easy enough for me. I hope I haven't failed.
  - I think I failed the Intelligence Test. I could answer sixteen of the questions. They were very easy. But I couldn't answer the rest. They were too difficult for me.
  - Intelligence tests are awful, aren't they?
  - I hate them. I'm sure I've got a low mark.
  - Oh, cheer up! Perhaps we didn't do too badly. The guy next to me wrote his name at the top of the paper.
  - Yes?
  - Then he sat there and looked at it for three hours! He didn't write a word!
- 句型结构
  - could 用于过去式中
  - I could answer the questions. They were very easy.
  - I couldn't answer the questions. They were too difficult.
  - The questions were easy enough for me to answer.
  - The questiosn were too difficult for me to answer.
- 句型练习
  - ​		How was the exam = How did the exam go
  - She's old enough to make her own decisions.  他足够大了可以自己做决定了
  - I haven't got enough money to pay that car.
  - Could he answer all the questions?
    - Yes, he could.
    - He was clever enough to answer them.
  - Could he answer the questions?
    - No, he couldn't.
    - He was too stupid to answer them.
  - Why could he buy the car?
    - Because it was very cheap.
  - Why couldn't he buy the car?
    - Because it was too expensive.
  - Why could they hear the stereo?
    - Because it was very loud.
  - Why couldn't they hear the stereo?
    - Because it was too low.
  - Could she eat the orange?
    - Yes, she could.
    - It was sweet enough for her to eat.
  - Could she eat the orange?
    - No, she couldn't.
    - It was too sour for her to eat.

# Full of mistakes.

- What was Sandra's present?
  - It's a dictionary.
- 原文
  - Where's Sandra's, Bob? I want her.
  - Do you want to speak to her?
  - Yes, I do.
  - I want her to come to my office. Tell to her come at once.
  - Did you want to see me?
  - Ah, yes, Sandra.
  - How do you spell "intelligent"? Can you tell me?
  - That's right. You've typed it with only one "L". This letter's full of mistakes. I want you to type it again.
  - Yes, I'll do that. I'm sorry about that.
  - And here's a little present for you.
  - What is it?
  - It's a dictionary. I hope it'll help you.
- intelligent：聪明的; 理解力强的
- 句型结构
  - I want you/him/her/them to...
  - Tell him/her/them to...
  - I don't want you/him/her/them to...
  - Tell you/him/her/them not to...
- 句型练习
  - I want her = I want to see her = I want to speak to her.
  - The room is full of smoke.
  - Her eyes were full of tears.
  - I'm sorry I made so many mistakes.
  - I hope it'll help you with your spelling.
  - I often help my mum with the cleaning.
  - I don't want her to type this letter again.
  - Tell her not to type this letter again.
  - What do you want me to do?
    - I want you to carry it.
  - What do you want me to do?
    - I want you to correct it.
  - Why is the boy putting a record on?
    - Because he wants them to listen to it.
  - The policeman is talking to the man and the woman.
  - He's telling them to move it.
  - The woman is taking a cake to the man.
  - She's telling him to try it.
  - What does the man tell the woman?
    - He tells her to keep it.

# It's too small.

- What kind of the dress does the lady want?
  - The blue dress like first one, but the larger size.
- 原文
  - Do you like this dress, madam?
  - I like the color very much. It's a lovely dress. but it's too small for me.
  - What about this one? It's a lovely dress. It's very smart. Short skirts are in fashion now. Would you like try it?
  - All right. I'm afraid this green dress is too small for me as well. It's smaller than the blue one. I don't like the colour either. It's doesn't suit me at all. I think the blue dress is prettier. Could you show me another blue dress? I want a dress like that one. but it must be my size.
  - I'm afraid I haven't got a larger dress. This is the largest dress in the shop.
- as well：同样
- 句型结构
  - would 是 will 的过去式
  - could 是 can 的过去式
  - would you比Could you更委婉
  - could you：你能
  - would you：你想
  - could you一般用于问对方你能做什么吗?
  - would you一般用于问对方你能愿意做什么的意思
- 句型练习
  - Would you like to go swimming?
  - Would you like a glass of water?
  - The green dress is the samllest dress in the shop / of them all / I've ever seen.
  - Sophie is tall.
    - Paul is taller than Sophie.
    - Hans is the tallest student in our class.
  - It is hot today.
    - It was hotter yesterday.
    - The day before yesterday was the hottest day in the year.
  - It is nice today
    - It will be nicer tomorrow.
    - The day after tomorrow will be the nicest day in the week.
  - There was a large crowd at the race last year.
    - This year the crowd is larger.
    - It is the largest crowd I have ever seen.
  - The blue suitcase is heavy.
    - The pink suitcase is heavier than the blue one.
    - The green suitcase is the heaviest of them all.
  - The English test is easy.
    - The Maths test is easier.
    - The French test is the easiest of them all.

# A good idea.

- What does Jane have with her coffee?
  - A biscuit.
- 原文
  - Shall I make some coffee, Jane?
  - That's a good idea, Charlotte.
  - It's ready, Do you want any milk?
  - Just a litte, please.
  - What about some sugar? Two teaspoonfuls?
  - No, less than that. One and a half teaspoonfuls, please. That's enough for me. That was very nice.
  - Would you like some more?
  - Yes, please. I'd like a cigartte, too. May I have one?
  - Of course. I think there are a few in that box. I'm afraid it's empty.
  - What a pity!
  - It doesn't matter.
  - Have a biscuit instead. Eat more and smoke less!
  - That's very good advice!
- 句型结构
  - less 是 little 的比较级
  - Have you got any ink?
    - I've got very little.
  - Tom's got less than I have.
    - Stella's got the least.
- 句型练习
  - What shall we do this evening?
  - Shall we go to the cinema?
  - Would you like some coffee?
  - Is there any coffee in the tin?
  - Perter was ill, so I went instead.
  - Let's play cars instead of watching TV.
  - Have you got any chocolate?
    - I haven't got much.
    - I've got more than you have.
    - I've got the most.
  - Have you got any chocolate?
    - I've got very little.
    - I've got less than you have.
    - I've got the least.
  - Have you made any mistakes?
    - I haven't made many.
    - I've made some than you have.
    - I've made the most.
  - Have you made any mistakes?
    - I've made very few.
    - I've made fewer than you have.
    - I've made the fewest.
  - You must see my new car.
    - It's very good.
    - This one's better.
    - This one's the best I've even seen.
  - You mustn't go to the restaurant.
    - It's very bad.
    - This one's worse.
    - This one's the worest I've even seen.
  - much more most
  - little less least
  - few fewer fewest
  - good better best
  - bad worse worest

# The most expensive model.

- Can Mr. Frith buy the television on instalments? How does it work?
  - Yes, he can. He can pay a deposit of thirty pounds. and then fourteen pounds a month for three years.
- 原文
  - I like this television very much. How much does it cost?
  - It's the most expensive model in the shop. It costs five hundred pounds.
  - That's too expensive for us. We can't afford all that money.
  - This model's less expensive than that one. It's only three hundred pounds. But, of course, it's not as good as the expensive one.
  - I don't like this model. The other model's more expensive, but it's worth the money. Can we buy it on instalments?
  - Of course. You can pay a deposit of thirty pounds, and then fourteen pounds a month for three years.
  - Do you like it, dear?
  - I certainly do, but I don't like the price. You always want the best. but we can't afford it. Sometimes you think you're a millionaire!
  - Millionaires don't buy things on instalments!
- model：型号；款式
- deposit：预付定金
- installment：分期付款
- as good as：和...一样好
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - He's too busy, and he even can't afford an hour for lunch.  他太忙了，甚至都没办法花一小时时间来吃饭
  - We can't afford that television.  我们买不起那台电视
  - The French test is as difficult as the English test.  法语考试和英语考试一样难
  - He doesn't play as well as his sister.  他玩的没有她妹妹好
  - The price is hight / low.
  - What's the price of the television?
  - It's worth the price.
  - How do they compare?
  - Is the red apple sweeter than the green one?
    - No, it isn't.
    - The red apple is as sweet as the green one.
  - Is the policeman taller than the policewoman?
    - No, he isn't.
    - The policeman is as tall as the policewoman.
  - Is the red pencil blunter than the green one?
    - No, it isn't.
    - The red pencil is as blunt as the green one.
  - Is the brown case lighter than the blue one?
    - No, it isn't.
    - The brown case is not as light as the blue one.
  - Is the white handbag newer than the black one?
    - No, it isn't.
    - The white handbag is not as new as the black one.
  - This test is difficult.
    - This test is more difficult.
    - This is the most difficult test I have ever done!
  - This book is interesting.
    - This book is less interesting.
    - This is the least interesting book I have ever read!

# Small change.

- Who has got some small change?
  - The two tramps have.
- 原文
  - Fares, please!
  - Trafalgar Square, please.
  - I'm sorry, sir. I can't change a ten-pound note. Have you got any samll change?
  - I've got no small change, I'm afriad.
  - I'll ask some of the passengers.
  - Have you any small change, sir?
  - I'm sorry, I'm got none.
  - I haven't got any either.
  - Can you change this ten-pound note, madam?
  - I'm afraid I can't. Neither can I.
  - I'm very sorry, sir. You must get off the bus. None of our passengers can change this note. They're all millionaires!
  - Except us. I've got some small change. So have I.
- conductor：售票员
- fare：车票
- passenger：乘客
- tramp：流浪汉
- except：除...外
- 句型结构
  - I haven't got any writing paper / envelopes.
  - I've got no writting paper / envelopes.
  - I've got none.
- 句型练习
  - I haven't got any small change. 我没有一点零钱
  - I've got no small change. 我没有零钱  语气更加强烈
  - We've got no time.  我们一点时间都没有
  - The village has changed a lot since I left.
  - He changed plane in Hong Kong on his way to Tokyo.  在去东京的路上，他在香港换了飞机
  - I haven't got any small change.
    - Neither have I.
  - I'm not a teacher.
    - Neither is he.
  - None of the boys failed the French test.
  - None of the money on the table is mine.
  - I can change this note. So can I.
  - I like ice cream. So does he.
  - Have you got any chocolate?
    - I haven't got any.
    - I've got no chocolate.
    - I've got none.
  - I haven't any either.
    - Neither have I.
  - Have you got any envelopes?
    - I haven't got any.
    - I've got no envelopes.
    - I've got none.
  - I haven't any either.
    - Neither have I.
  - Have you any cake?
    - I've got some.
    - So have I.
  - Have you got any biscuits?
    - I've got some.
    - So have I.
  - I'm hungry.
    - So am I.
  - I'm not tried.
    - Neither am I.
  - I want some coffee.
    - So do I.
  - I don't want any tea.
    - Neither do I.
  - I was at the party last night.
    - So was I.
  - I wasn't tried this morning.
    - Neither was I.
  - I can swim very well.
    - So can I.
  - I can't speack Chinese.
    - Neither can I.
  - I saw George last night.
    - So did I.
  - I didn't buy a new car last year.
    - Neither did I.
  - I've got cold.
    - So have I.
  - I haven't got a headache.
    - Neither have I.

# Knock, knock!

- What does Jim have to drink?
  - Beer.
- 原文
  - Isn't there anyone at home?
  - I'll kncok again, Helen. Everything's very quiet. I'm sure there's no one at home.
  - But that's impossible. Carol and Tom invited us to lunch. Look through the window. Can you see anything?
  - Nothing at all. Let's try the back door.
  - Look! Everyone's in the garden.
  - Hello, Helen. Hello, Jim.
  - Everybody wants to have lunch in the garden. It's nice and warm out here.
  - Come and have something to drink.
  - Thanks, Carol. May I have a glass of beer please?
  - Beer? There's none left. You can have some lemonade. 
  - Lemonade!
  - Don't believe her, Jim. She's only joking. Have some beer!
- lemonade：柠檬汁；柠檬水
- 句型结构
  - 不定代词
  - They must be somewhere.
- 句型练习
  - Knock on the door = Knock at the door.  敲门
  - They invited me to give a talk.  他们邀请我来做一次讲座
  - Nothing at all = I can see nothing at all.
  - Try these shoes for size.  试试这些鞋子，看看尺寸是否合适
  - It was nice and cool in the woods.  小树林里很凉爽  这里的nice是加强语气，没有实际含义
  - Everybody arrived nice and early.  大家到的都挺早的  这里的nice是加强语气，没有实际含义
  - Everyone is asleep. = Everybody is asleep.
  - Everything is untidy.
  - I looked for my pen everywhere.
  - Is there anyone at home?
  - Is there anybody at home?
  - Is there anything in that box?
  - I couldn't find my pen anywhere.
  - There's no one at home.
  - There's nobody at home.
  - There's nothing in this box.
  - Where did you go yesterday?
    - Nowhere, I stayed at home.
  - There's someone in the garden.
  - There's somebody in the garden.
  - There's something under the chair.
  - My glasses must be somewhere.
    - You're wearing them.

# Tommy's breakfast.

- What does she mean by "change" in the last sentence?
  - She mean's the coins of change swallowed.
- 原文
  - When my husband was going into the dining room this morning, he dropped some coins on the floor. There were coins everywhere. We looked for them, but we could not find them all. While we were having breakfast, our little boy, Tommy, found two small coins on the floor. He put them both into his mouth. We both tried to get his coins, but it was too late. Tommy had already swallowed them! Later the morning, When I was doing the housework, my husband phoned me from the office. "How's Tommy?" he asked. "I don't know," I answered, "Tommy's been to the toilet three times this morning, but I haven't had any change yet!"
- swallow：吞下
- 句型结构
  - 过去进行时
  - was / were + 现在分词
- 句型练习
  - While I was having tea, my husband was reading the newspaper.
  - both 放在行为动词之前，be动词之后
    - He put them both into his mouth.
    - They are both students.
    - Both of them are students.
  - He phoned me when I was doing the housework.
  - While we were having breakfast, our son put two coins into his mouth.
  - Just as I was buying the tickets, the train left.  正当我买票的时候，火车开走了
  - I was reading the paper When my friends were having tea.
  - When did someone knock at the door?
    - Someone knocked at the door when I was having breakfast.
  - What were you doing when someone kncoked at the door?
    - I was having breakfast when someone knocked at the door.
  - When did the postman arrive?
    - The postman arrived when I was leaving the house.
  - What were you doing when the postman arrived?
    - I was leaving the house when the postman arrived.
  - When did the telephone ring?
    - Just as I was opening the front door, the telephone ring.
  - What were you doing when the telephone rang?
    - I was opening the front door when the telephone rang.
  - When did she slip and hurt herself?
    - She slipped and hurt herself while she was getting off the bus.
  - What was she doing when she slipped and hurt herself?
    - She was getting off the bus when she slipped and hurt herself.
  - When did he cut himself?
    - He cut himself while he was shaving.
  - What was he doing when he cut himself?
    - He was shaving when he cut himself.
  - What was your wife doing while you were working in the garden?
    - My wife was cooking the dinner while I was working in the garden.
  - What was he doing while you were cooking the dinner?
    - My husband was working in the garden while I was cooking.

# A true story.

- Who called out to the thieves in the dark?
  - Gerorge's parrot, Henry.
- 原文
  - Do you like stories? I want to tell you a true stroy. It hanpped to a friend of mine a year ago. While my friend , Georage, was reading in bed, two thieves chlimbed into his kitchen. After they had entered the house, they went into the dining room. It was very dark, so they turned on a torch. Suddenly, they heard a voice behind them. "What's up? What's up?" someone called. The thieves dropped the torch and ran away as quickly as they could. George heard the noise and came downstairs quickly, He turned on the light, but he could't see any one. The thieves had already gone. But George's parrot, Henry, was still here. "What's up Gerorge?" he called. "Nothing, Henry," George said and smiled, Go back to sleep.
- torch：手电筒
- parrot：鹦鹉
- 句型结构
  - 过去完成时
  - had + 过去分词
- 句型练习
  - I hope nothing has happend to them.
  - What happened to your car?
  - It was raining, so she took an umbrella with her.
  - I walked across the road as quickly as I could.
  - Please write to me as soon as possible.
  - I invited him to have lunch with me, but he had already had lunch.
  - Did you buy the car?
    - No, I didn't.
    - I asked the price of the car, but they had already sold it.
  - Did you catch the train?
    - No, I didn't.
    - I ran to the platform quickly, but the train had alread left.
  - Did your teacher give you your exercise books?
    - Yes, but he corrected them first.
    - He gave us our exercise books after he had corrected them.
  - Did your sister go on holiday?
    - Yes, but she took after examination first.
    - She went to on holiday after she had taken the exmaination.
  - Did your wife go out?
    - Yes, but she finished the housework first.
    - She had finished the housework before she went out.
  - Did your friends visit you?
    - Yes, but we had dinner first.
    - We had had dinner before they arrived.

# The man in a hat.

- Why didn't Caroline recognize the customer straight away?
  - Because she didn't recognize him with his hat.
- 原文
  - I bought two expensive dictionaries here half an hour ago, but I forgot to take them with me.
  - Who served you, sir?
  - The lady who is standing behind the counter.
  - Which books did you buy?
  - The books which are on the counter.
  - Did you serve this gentleman half an hour ago, Caroline?
  - He says he's the man who bought these books.
  - I can't remember. The man who I served was wearing a hat.
  - Have you got a hat, sir?
  - Yes, I have.
  - Would you put it on, please?
  - All right.
  - Is this the man that you served, Caroline?
  - Yes, I recognize him now.
- counter：柜台
- recognize：认出
- 句型结构
  - 定语从句
  - The woman who / that is standing behind the counter served me.
  - This is the man who / whom / that I served.
  - I bought the books which / that are on the counter.
- 句型练习
  - She forgot to post the letter yesterday.
  - He always takes some money with him.
  - Did you take the laptop with you?
  - Who served you?
    - The man who / that is standing behind the counter.
  - Who is making all that noise?
    - The men who / that are repairing the road.
  - I served her yesterday.
    - She is the woman who / that I served yesterday.
  - I saw them yesterday.
    - There are men who(m) / that I saw yesterday.
  - Which book did you buy?
    - The book which / that is on the counter.
  - Which dog is yours?
    - The dog which / that is carrying that basket.
  - He is the policman, He caught the thieves.
    - He is the pliceman who / that caught the thieves.
  - She is the person, I meet her at the party.
    - She is the person who / that I met at the party.
  - This is the car. The mechanic repaird it yesterday.
    - This is the car which / that the mechanic repaird yesterday.

# A trip to Australia.

- Who is the man with the beard?
  - Mike.
- 原文
  - Look, Scott. This is a photograph I took during my trip to Australia.
  - Let me see it, Mike. This is a good photograph. Who are these people?
  - They're people I met duing the trip.
  - That's the trip we travelled on.
  - What a beautiful ship! Who's this?
  - That's the man I told you about. Remember?
  - Ah yes. The one who offered you a job in Australia.
  - That's right.
  - Who's this?
  - Guess!
  - It's not you, is it?
  - That's right.
  - I grew a beard during the trip, but I shaved it off when I came home.
  - Why did you shave it off?
  - My wife didn't like it!
- beard：胡子；络腮胡子
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - This is a photograph I took during my trip to Australia.
    - 因为 photograph 是 took 的宾语，所以这里省略了 that
    - That's the ship we travelled on.  这里省略了 that，因为 ship 是 travel 的宾语
  - I still remember the teacher who taguht me in high school.
  - The hostess offered me a cup of coffee.  女主人主动给我倒了一杯咖啡
  - He offered to help me. 他主动提出帮我的忙
  - Grow vegetables.  种植蔬菜
  - Jill has grown up.  Jill已经长大了
  - Who served you?
    - The woman standing behind the counter.
  - Who is making all that noise?
    - The men repairing the road.
  - I served him yesterday.
    - He is the man I served yesterday.
  - I saw them yesterday.
    - They are the men I saw yesterday.
  - What are these?
    - These are the books I bought yesterday.
  - What's this?
    - This is the kitten I found in the garden.
  - This is the village. I lived in it.
    - This is the village I lived in.
  - These are the people. You asked me about them.
    - These are the people you asked me about.

# Tea for two.

- Does Susan have tea by herself?
  - No, she doesn't.
- 原文
  - Can't you come in and have tea now, Peter?
  - Not yet. I must water the garden first.
  - Do you have to water it now?
  - I'm affraid I must. Look at it! it's terribly dry.
  - What a nuisance!
  - Last summer it was very dry, too. Don't you remember? I had to water it every day.
  - Well, I'll have tea by myself.
  - That was quick! Have you finished already?
  - Yes, Look out of the window.
  - It's rainning! That means you don't need to water the garden.
  - That was a pleasant surprise. It means I can have tea, insteand.
- terribly：非常
- nuisance：讨厌的东西或人
- 句型结构
  - She has to leave early.  她得早走
  - Does she have to leave early?  她不得不早走吗？
  - She doesn't need to / have to leave early.  她不必早走
  - She must leave early.
  - Must she leave early?
  - She needn't leave early.
- 句型练习
  - I must finish my homework first, then I can watch television.
  - Will you have to water the garden tomorrow?
  - I'm terribly busy. You'll have to go by yourself. She cleaned the house all by herself.
  - We had a quick meal and then ran to catch the train. 我们很快吃了饭就去赶火车了
  - That was a pleasant surprise.  那可真是意想不到的好事
  - Do you have to go now?
    - Yes, I have to leave immediately.
  - Do you have to get up early tomorrow morning?
    - Yes, I'll have to get up at six o'clock.
  - Did you have to take a taxi?
    - I'm afraid I had to. I couldn't get a bus.
  - Hasn't your friend arrived yet?
    - How long have you had to wait?
    - I've had to wait for two hours.
  - Do you have to water the garden?
    - No, I don't need to water it now.
    - It's going to rain.
  - Do we have to walk to the station?
    - No, we don't need to. We can catch a bus.
  - Tom must change some money.
    - What about Mary?
    - Mary has to change some money, too.
  - I don't have to meet her at the station.
    - What about Tom and Alice?
    - They don't need to meet her at the station, either.

# A famous actress.

- Who is only twenty-nine, and why is it so unclear?
- 原文
  - Can you recognize that woman, Liz?
  - I think I can, Kate. It must be Karen Marsh, the actress.
  - I thought so. Who's that beside her?
  - That must be Conrad Reeves, Conrad Reeves, the actor?
  - It can't be. Let me have another look. I think you're right! Isn't he her third husband?
  - No, he must be her fourth or fifth.
  - Doesn't Karen Marsh look old!
  - She does, doesn't she! I read she's twenty-nine. but she must be at least forty. 我从报纸上看说她只有29岁
  - I'm sure she is. She was a famous actress when I was still at shcool.
  - That was a long time ago, wasn't it?
  - Not that long ago! I'm not more than twenty-nine myself.  不是很长时间，我自己还没有29岁呢
- 句型结构
  - can't be...
  - must be...
- 句型练习
  - I think I can. 否定形式  I don't think I can.
  - He can't be watching television.
  - They can't be late.
  - The French test was very difficult, wasn't it?
    - Well, not that difficult.
  - He can't be ill.
  - He must be tired.
  - It can't be my new hat.
    - It must be my old one.
  - She can't be Danish.
  - She must be Swedish.
  - He can't be a dentist.
  - He must be a doctor.
  - She can't be forty.
  - She must be fifty.
  - It can't be the 20th.
  - It must be the 21st.
  - He can't be the youngest.
  - He must be oldest.
  - He can't be reading.
  - He must be sleeping.
  - This television can't be cheap.
  - It must be expensive.
  - He can't be a student.
  - He must be a teacher.

# Seventy miles an hour.

- What does Ann advise her husband to do next time?
  - To take her advise and drive slowly.
- 原文
  - Look, Gary! That policeman's waving to you. He wants you to stop.
  - Where do you think you are? On a race track? You must have been driving at seventy miles an hour.
  - I can't have been.
  - I was doing eighty When I overtook you. Didn't you see the speed limit?
  - I'm afraid I didn't, officer. I must have been dreaming.
  - He wasn't dreaming, officer. I was telling him to drive slowly.
  - That's why I didn't see the sign.
  - Let me see your driving license. I won't charge you this time. But you'd better not do it again!
  - Thank you. I'll certainly be more careful.
  - I told you to drive slowly, Gary.
  - You always tell me to drive slowly, darling.
  - Well, next time you'd better take my advise!
- wave：招手
- track：跑道
- overtake：从后面超越，超车
- charge：罚款
- 句型结构
  - 对过去的推测
  - must have been...
  - can't have been...
- 句型练习
  - What do you think you are doing?
  - Which book do you think is more interesting?
  - That's how I got to the station. 我就是这样到车站的
  - That's what I told him. 我就是这么跟他说的
  - How much do you charge for repairing this car?
  - We'd better hurry or we'll miss the train.
  - It's very hot, You'd better not go out without a hat.
  - You must having been driving at seventy miles an hour.
  - I can't have been driving so fast.
  - He can't have been ill.
  - He must have been tired.
  - It can't have been my new hat.
  - It must have been my old one.
  - She can't have been Danish.
  - She must have been Swedish.
  - He can't have been a dentist.
  - He must have been a doctor.
  - She can't have been forty.
  - She must have been fifty.
  - It can't have been the 20th.
  - It must have been the 21st.
  - He can't have been the youngest.
  - He must have been the oldest.
  - He can't have been reading.
  - He must have been sleeping.
  - He couldn't answer the question.
  - He can't have been listening carefully.
  - He must have been dreaming.
  - She didn't hear the phone.
  - She can't have been working.
  - She must have been sleeping.

# Don't be so sure!

- What's the problem about deciding on a holiday?
  - Who's going to look after everything at home?
- 原文
  - Where are you going to spend your holidays this year, Gary?
  - We may go aboard. I'm not sure. My wife wants go to Egypt. I'd like to go there, too. We can't make up our minds. 
  - Will you travel by sea or by air?
  - We may travel by sea.
  - It's cheaper, isn't it?
  - It may be cheaper. but it takes a long time.
  - I'm sure you'll enjoy yoursevles.
  - Don't be so sure. We might not go anywhere. My wife always worries too much. Who's going to look after the dog? Who's going to look after the house? Who's going to look after the garden? We have this problem every year. In the end. we stay at home and look after everything!
- Egypt：埃及
- 句型结构
  - may(not)
  - might(not)  可能性更低
  - may be...  可能是
  - may have been...  那时可能是
- 句型练习
  - It usually takes me twenty minutes to drive to shcool.
  - He may not know about it.
  - He may come soon.
  - She might be ill.
  - She might not come.
  - She may be writing a letter now.
  - She may have been reading at that moment.
  - Where's Harry?
    - He may be in his room.
    - I'm not sure.
  - Where will be go?
    - He may go to the cinema.
    - I'm not sure.
  - Why is he late?
    - He may be busy.
    - I'm not sure.
  - What is he doing?
    - He may be reading.
    - I'm not sure.
  - Why was he late?
    - He may have been busy.
    - I'm not sure.
  - What was he doing?
    - He may have been reading.
    - I'm not sure.
- 总结：
  - can't be...
  - must be...
  - may be...
  - can't have been...
  - must have been...
  - may have been.

# Sensational news!

- What reasons did Karen Marsh give for wanting to retire?
  - She was tired and she didn't want to make another film.
- 原文
  - Have you just made a new film, Miss Marsh?
  - Yes, I have.
  - Are you going to make another?
  - No, I'm not.
  - I'm going to retire. I feel vary tired. I don't want to make another film for a long time.
  - Let's buy a newspaper, Liz.
  - Listen to this! 
  - "Karen Marsh" Sensational News! By our reporter, Alan Jones. 
  - Karen Marsh arrived at London Airport today. She was wearing a blue dress and a mink coat. She told me she had just made a new film. She said she was not going to make another. She said she was going to retire. She told reporters she felt very tired and didn't want to make another film for a long time.
  - I wonder why!
- sensational：爆炸性；骇人听闻；耸人听闻的
- mink coat：貂皮大衣
- 句型结构
  - He said (that) ...
  - He told me (that) ...
- 句型练习
  - Let's not tell Mum for the moment. 暂时不要告诉妈妈这件事
  - Stella has just arrived.
    - He told me (that) Stella had just arrived.
  - I’m tired.
    - What did he say?
    - He said (that) he was tired.
    - What did he tell you?
    - He told me (that) he was tired.
  - I'm reading.
    - What did she say?
    - She said (that) she was reading.
    - What did she tell you?
    - She told me (that) she was reading.
  - We want our dinner.
    - What did you they say?
    - They said (that) they wanted their dinner.
    - What did they tell you?
    - They told me (that) they wanted their dinner.
  - I've finished my homework.
    - What did he say?
    - He said (that) he had finished his homework.
    - What did he tell you?
    - He told me (that) he had finished his homwork.
  - Tom is waiting for you.
    - What did he say?
    - He said (that) Tom was waiting for me.
    - What did he tell you?
    - He told me (that) Tom was waiting for me.
  - Then rain is stop.
    - What did she say?
    - She said (that) the rain had stopped.

# The latest report.

- Is Karen Marsh going to retire, do you think?
  - She said she might, but probablely she won't.
- 原文
  - Are you really going to retire, Miss Marsh?
  - I may. I can't make up my mind. I will have to ask my future husband. He won't let me make another film.
  - Your future hasband, Miss Marsh?
  - Yes, Let me introduce him to you. His name is Carlos. We're going to get married next week.
  - Look, Liz! Here's another report about Karen Marsh. Listen: "Karen Marsh: The latest. At her London Hotel today Miss Marsh told reporters she might retire. She said she couldn't make up her mind. She said she would have to ask her future husband. She said her future husband would not let her make another film. Then she introduced us to Carlos and told us they would get married next week."
  - That's sensational news, isn't it. Kate?
  - It certainly is. He'll be her sixth husband!
- 句型结构
- 句型练习
  - They reported their findings to the professor.  他们把调查研究的结果汇报给教授
  - He won't let me make another film.
    - She said her future husband would not let her make another film.
  - Penny and Sam got married two years ago.  Penny 和 Sam 两年前结的婚
  - They've been married for two years.  他们已经结婚两年了
  - He said (that) he would repair the car tomorrow.
  - He told me (that) his parents couldn't afford the house.
  - She said (that) it might rain.
  - I'll leave tomorrow.
    - What did he say?
    - He said (that) he would leave tomorrow.
    - What did he tell you?
    - He told me (that) he would leave tomorrow.
  - I can't do this Maths problem.
    - What did he say?
    - He said (that) he couldn't do this Maths problem.
    - What did he tell you?
    - He told me (that) he couldn't do this Maths problem.
  - I may return at six o'clock.
    - What did she say?
    - She said (that) she might return at six o'clock.
    - What did she tell you?
    - She told me (that) she might return at six o'clock.
  - Penny will open the window.
    - What did he say?
    - He said (that) Penny would open the window.
    - What did he tell you?
    - He siad (that) Peeny would open the window.
  - They can afford the car.
    - What did he say?
    - He said (that) he could afford the car.
    - What did he tell you?
    - He told me (that) he could afford the car.
  - George may come tomorrow.
    - What did she say?
    - She said (that) George might come tomorrow.
    - What did she tell you?
    - She told me (that) George might come tomorrow.

# A pleansant dream.

- What would Julie like to do, if she had the money?
  - She will like to travel and see the world.
- 原文
  - Are you doing the football pools, Brain?
  - Yes, I've nearly finished, Julie. I'm sure we'll win something this week.
  - You always say that. but we never win anything! What will you do if you win a lot of money?
  - If I win a lot of money. I'll buy you a mink coat.
  - I don't want a mink coat! I want to see the world.
  - All right. If we win a lot of money we'll travel round the world and we'll stay at the best hotels. Then we'll return home and buy a big house in the country. We'll have a beautiful garden and ....
  - But if we spend all that money we'll be poor again. What'll we do then?
  - If we spend all the money we'll try and win the football pools again.
  - It's a pleasant dream. But everything depends on "if"!
- 句型结构
  - if 从句中，if 用一般现在时，从句中用一般将来时
- 句型练习
  - She won first prize in the afternoon.  她在比赛中获得了一等奖
  - He has never been abroad.  他从来没有出过国
  - I'll never do that.
  - The result depends on our efforts.  结果取决于我们的努力
  - We depend on the redio for news.
  - If the children come home early, they'll play in the garden.
  - I'll tell him the truth if he aks me.
  - What'll we do if we break this window?
    - If you break this window, you'll have to pay for it.
  - What will happen if I don't hurry?
    - If you don't hurry, we'll miss the train.
  - What will happen if he falls?
    - If he falls, he'll hurt himself.
  - What'll we do if it rains tomorrow.
    - If it rains tomorrow, we won't go to the seaside.
  - What will the children do if they come home early?
    - If they come home early, they'll play in the garden.
  - What can I do if I feel better?
    - If you feel better, you can get up.
  - What can he do if he sells that car?
    - If he sells that car, he can buy a new one.
  - What can she do if she is rich?
    - If she is rich, she can have a long holiday.

# Is that you, John?

- Which John Smith does Graham Turner think he is talking to?
  - John Smith for the Overseas Engineering Company.
- 原文
  - Is that you, John?
  - Yes, speaking.
  - Tell Marry we'll be late for dinner this evening.
  - I'm afraid I don't understand.
  - Hasn't Mary told you? She invited Charlotte and me to dinner this evening. I said I would be at your house at six o'clock. but the boss wants me to do some extra work. I'll have to stay at the office. I don't know when I'll finish. Oh, and by the way. my wife wants to know if Mary needs any help. 
  - I don't know what you're talking about.
  - That is John Smith, isn't it?
  - Yes, I'm John Smith.
  - You are John Smith, the engineer, aren't you?
  - That's right.
  - You work for the Overseas Engineering Company, don't you?
  - No, I don't. I'm John Smith the telephone engineer and I'm repairing your telephone line.
- overseas：海外
- 句型结构
  - He wants to know if / why / what / when...
  - 
- 句型练习
  - Can / Could / May I speak to John Smith please?
    - This is he / she.
    - Hold on please.
    - Just a moment please.
    - Sorry, he's / she's not in. Can I take a message?
  - Can't you be more serious?
  - Hasn't he arrived yet?
  - He wants to know if you are busy.
  - He wants to know why you are late.
  - He wants to know what you are doing.
  - He wants to know when you'll finish the work.
  - Are you tired?
    - What does he want to know?
    - He wants to know if you are tired.
    - Tell him if you are tired.
  - Why are you tired?
    - What does he want to know?
    - He wants to know why you are tired.
    - Tell him why you are tired.
  - What are you reading?
    - What does he want to know?
    - He wants to know what you are reading?
    - Tell hime what you are reading.
  - Does Tom always do his homework?
    - What does he want to know?
    - He wants to know if Tom always does his homework. 
    - Tell him if Tom always does his homework.
  - When does Tom do his homework.
    - What does he want to know?
    - He wants to know when Tom do his homework.
    - Tell him when Tom do this homework.

# Sally's first train ride.

- Why was the mother embarrassed?
  - Because Sally told the middle-age lady she was ugly. 
- 原文
  - Last week, my four-year-old daughter, Sally. was invited to a children's party. I decided to take her by train. Sally was very excited, because she had never travelled on a train before. She sat near the window and aksed questions about everything she saw. Suddenly. a middle-aged lady got on the train and sat opposite Sally. "Hello, little girl." she said. Sally did not answer, but looked at her curiously. The lady was dressed in a blue coat. and a large, funny hat. After the train had left the station. the lady opened her handbag and took out her powder compact. She then began to make up her face. "Why are you doing that?" Sally asked. "To make myself beautiful." the lady answered. She put away her compact and smiled kindly. "But you are still ugly." Sally said. Sally was amused. but I was very embarrassed!
- opposite：在...对面
- curiously：好奇的
- powder：香粉
- powder compact：粉盒
- compact：带镜的化妆盒
- amused：有趣的
- 句型结构
  - 被动语态 be + 过去分词
- 句型练习
  - The children are taken to shcool every day.  孩子们每天都被送去上学
  - I sat opposite him during the meal.
  - She always heavily made up.  她总是化很浓的妆
  - I know he's making up an excuse again.  我知道他又在编造理由了
  - Sally aksed the lady why she was doing that.
  - The window is shut regularly.
  - These flowers were watered yesterday.
  - They are worried.
  - Does anyone ever repair this car?
    - Someone repairs it regularly.
    - It is repaired regularly.
  - Does anyone ever correct these exercise books?
    - Someone corrects them regularly.
    - They are corrected regularly.
  - Did anyone meet him at the station this morning?
    - Someone met him at the station this morning.
    - He was met at the station this morning.

# A walk through the woods.

- What was so funny about the words on the sign?
  - The sign said anyone who leaves litter in these woods will be prosecuted! but the sign was among in the rubbish.
- 原文
  - I live in a very old town which is surrounded by beautiful woods. It is a famous beauty spot. On Sundays, hundreds of people come from the city to see our town and to walk through the woods. Visitors have been asked to keep the woods clean and tidy. Litter baskets have been placed under the trees. but people still throw their rubbish everywhere. Last Wednesday. I went for a walk in the woods. What I saw made me very sad. I counted seven old cars and three old refrigerators. The litter baskets were empty and the ground was covered with pieces of paper, cigarette ends, old tyres, empty bottles and rusty tins. Among the rubbish. I found a sign which said, Anyone who leaves litter in these woods will be prosecuted!
- surround：包围
- litter basket：废物筐
- tyre：轮胎
- rusty：生锈的
- prosecute：依法处置
- litter：废弃物; 垃圾；使杂乱; 乱丢杂物
- 句型结构
  - 被动语态的时态
  - has / have been...
  - will be...
- 句型练习
  - I live in a place which is surrounded by tall buildings.
  - I live in a village which is surrounded by hills.
  - He placed his hand on my shoudler.
  - A box has been placed on the counter.
  - You'll be asked to show your passport at the Customs office.
  - I've never been asked to do things I don't like.
  - The furniture is covered with dust.  家具上满是灰尘
  - The snow is covered with snow.
  - The book doesn't say where he was born.  书上并没有写他什么时候出生的
  - The rooms haven't been cleaned yet.
  - They will be cleaned soon.
  - Hasn't anyone repaired this car yet?
    - It has already been repaired!
  - Hasn't anyone dusted the dressing-table yet?
    - It has already been dusted.
  - Hasn't anyone corrected these exercise books yet?
    - They have already been corrected!
  - Hasn't anyone caught the thief yet?
    - He hasn't been caguht yet.
    - He will be caught soon!
  - Hasn't anyone opened the window yet?
    - It hasn't been opened yet.
    - It will be opened soon.
  - Hans't anyone caught the thieves yet?
    - They haven't been caught yet.
    - They will be caught soon!

# 总复习

- Tong Liya is a famous actress who acted as a country woman in the 1970s in the TV show Ordinary World. 
  - 童丽雅是20世纪70年代电视剧《平凡的世界》中扮演乡村女性的著名女演员。
- by与表示交通工具的名词连用，表示一种交通方式时，名词前不用冠词，而动词take后需加不定冠词再加交通工具
- 打电话时，表示“我”用this，表示“你”用that
  - Hello, Linda speaking, Who's that?
  - Hello, this is Martin.
- much too 和 too much
  - The meat much too delicious.
  - Yes, but don't eat too much.
  - much too修饰形容词或副词,表示“太,非常”
  - too much修饰不可数名词,表示“太多”
  - 第一空修饰形容词delicious,故用 much too
  - 第二空空格后省略了不可数名词meat,用 too much修饰
- in后多接月份、季节、年代等的名词；by“在旁边”；at后接具体时刻。on可用于表示具体的某一天
- The castle stands in a quiet place off the main road at the far end of the river.
  - 城堡坐落在远离大路的一个安静的地方，在河的尽头。
- get married to sb.“嫁给某人，跟某人结婚”，为固定短语
  - Catherine got married to a policeman twenty years ago.
- put on，wear和 have on后接衣服；dress表示“穿衣服”时，后接人作宾语。 dress sb.意为“给某人穿衣服”
  - She hurriedly dressed the child and took him downstairs.
- turn on“打开”; turn down“调低”; turn off“关闭”; turn up“调高”
- Jenny, you should practice as often as you can to win the piano competition.
  - 珍妮，为了赢得钢琴比赛，你应该尽可能多地练习。
- Please go over your exam papers once again before handing them in.
  - 交试卷前请再检查一遍。
- a hot potato：烫手山芋；棘手的问题
- 例句
  - The whole job takes about 40 minutes.
  - It's your job to be on time.
  - All her time goes into nursing her child.
  - The room looks on the sea.  房间面向大海
  - Two windows look to the south.  两扇窗子朝南
  - He is a man with fine manners.  他是一个举止优雅的男人
  - Keep off the grass! 请勿践踏草地
  - Wait and see. 等着瞧
  - He looks a bit blue.  他看上去优点忧伤
  - His mood is blue.  他的情绪低落
  - Tony looks grey and tired.  托尼面色苍白，显得疲惫
  - When visiting a foreign country, we minght find the country's customs strange to us.
  - It is his custom to go for a walk in evenings.
  - The students there are thirty for knowledge.
  - She's very big in the filmdom.  她在电影界中是个响当当的任务
  - She has the sweetest little smiles.  她的微笑十分甜蜜可爱
  - I’ve booked a table for two at 7.00.  我预定了一张两人桌，是在7点钟
  - It's getting dark, we must run along.  天黑了，我们得走了
- 动词不定式
  - 在英语中，当一个动词被另一个动词紧跟时，它们之间必须加不定式符号 to，不定式符号后面的动词只能是原形，而不能是过去式或者分词形式
    - He wants to buy a car.
    - He hopes to pass the French exam.
    - I want to leave.
    - I want you to carry it.
    - He wants them to listen to it.
    - Tell him to move it.
    - He decided not to buy the house.
    - He told me not to close the window.
    - Tell him not to move it.
- 

































































