# A private conversion

- turn round  转过身去
- pay attention  理会，注意
- bear  忍受
- none of your business  不关你的事
- rudely  无礼的，粗鲁的
- Where did the writer go last week?
  - He went to the theater.
- Why didn't he enjoy the play?
  - Because he could not hear the actors.
- What did the young man say to the writer?
  - He said "It's none of your business, this is a private conversion!"
- 原文
  - Last week I went to the theater. I had a very good seat. The play was very interesting. I did not enjoy it. A young man and a young woman were sitting behind me. They were talking loudly. I got very angry. I could not hear the actors. I turned round. I looked at the man and the woman angrily. They did not pay any attention. In the end, I could not bear it. I truned round again. "I can't hear a word!" I said angrily. "It's none of your business," the young man said rudely. "This is a private conversion!"
- 句型结构
  - 一般过去时
    - I had a very good seat.
    - The play was very interesting.
    - They didn't pay any attention.
    - I could not hear the actors.
  - 过去进行时
    - A young man and young woman were sitting behind me.
    - They were talking loudly.

# Breakfast or lunch?

- What was the weather like last Sunday?
  - The weather was very bad. It was lunchtime, but was dark outside. and It's raining.
- Who was coming to see the writer?
  - His aunt Lucy.
- Why was the writer's aunt surprised?
  - Because It's lunchtime, but the writer still having breakfast.
- 原文
  - It was Sunday. I never get up early on Sundays. I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime. Last Sunday I got up very late. I looked out of the window. It was dark outside. "What a day!" I thought. "It's raining again." Just then, the telephone rang. It was my aunt Lucy. "I've just arrived by train, " she said. "I'm come to see you." "But I'm still having breakfast, " I said. "What are you doing?" she asked. "I'm having breakfast," I repeated. "Dear me." she said. "Do you always get up to so late? It's one o'clock!"
- 句型结构
  - I'm never late for appointments.
  - Sometimes he tells us jokes.
  - We often meet at that coffee shop.
  - She is always nice and friendly to people.
  - Are you still working?
  - I seldom watch TV.  我很少看电视
- Dear me!  天啊
- My goodness!  天啊
- Good heavens!  天啊

# Please send me a card

- send a postcard
- spoil  使索然无味，损坏
- museum  博物馆
- make a decision  做决定
- Where did the writer spend his holidays last summer?
  - He spent his holidays in Italy last summer.
- Why didn't he enjoy his holidays?
  - Because he thought about postcards every day.
- What did he do on the last day of his holidays?
  - He made a big decision, he bought thrity-seven cards, and spent the whole day in the room, but he didn't write a single card!
- 原文
  - Postcards always spoil my holidays. Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens. A friendly waiter taguht me a few words of Italian. Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I didn'r understand a word. Every day I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day, I made a big decision. I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in the room, but I did not write a single card!
- Don't spoil the pleasure.  别扫兴
- You should not spoil your child.  你不应该惯孩子

# An exciting trip

- firm  商行，公司
- a great number of  许多
- How long has Tim been in Australia?
  - Tim has been in Australia for six months.
- What does he do in Australia?
  - He is working for a big firm as an engineer.
- Why is Tim finding the trip exciting?
  - Because Tim has never been abroad before. so he's finding this trip very exciting.
- 原文
  - I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim. He is in Australia. He has been there for six months. Tim is an engineer. He is working for a big firm and he has already visited a great number of different place in Australia. He has just bought an Australia  car and has gone to Alice Springs, a small town in the centre of Australia. He will soon visit Darwin. From there, he will fly to Perth. My brother has never been abroad before, so he is finding this trip very exciting.
- a great amount of money  许多钱
- go aborad  出国
- travel abroad  到国外旅行
- study abroad  出国留学
- live abroad  居住在国外
- I find this book very interesting.  我觉得这本书非常有趣
- Did you find the film disappointing?  你有没有觉得这部电影很让人失望？
- 句型结构
  - I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim.
  - He has been there for six months.
  - He has just bought an Australia car and has gone to Alice Springs.
  - I haven't heard from him since then.  从那以后，我再也没有得到过他的音讯
  - The train has not arrived yet.
  - The weather has been good so far.  到目前为止，天气还不错

# No wrong numbers

- garage  修车厂
- pigeon  鸽子
- spare part  备件
- spare tire  备用轮胎
- spare key  备用钥匙
- spare time  消遣时间
- spare oneself  偷懒
- spare money  余款
- spare change  零钱
- postal service  邮政业务
- passenger service  客运业务
- pick-up and delivery service  上门取送业务
- What is the problem with Mr.Scott's second garage?
  - The problem is Mr. Scott cannot get a telephone for his second garage.
- Why did he buy pigeons?
  - Because he want to used the pigeons to carry messages from one garage to the other.
- What does "No wrong numbers" mean?
  - Since Mr.Scott used the pigeons to carry messages, there was no problem of wrong numbers.
- 原文
  - Mr.James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has just bought another garage in Pinhurst. Pinhurst is only five miles from Silbury, but Mr. Scott cannot get a telephone for his new garage, so he has just bought twelve pigeons. Yesterday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury. The bird covered the distance in three minutes. Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage to the other. In this way, he has begun his own private "telephone" service. 
- The bank is about 5 minutes' walk away.
- Can you carry this package to the post office for me please?
- They have covered 60 miles since yesterday morning.  从昨天早上开始他们已经走完了60英里的路程
- The bird covered the distance in three minutes.  这只鸟三分钟飞完了这段距离
- He gave a speech upon our request.  他应我们的要求做了一个演讲

# Percy Buttons

- begger  乞丐
- in return for...  作为报答
- stand on one's head  倒立
- Who knocked at the writer's door yesterday?
  - It was a begger.
- What did this man ask for?
  - He ask for a meal and a glass of beer.
- What did he do to thank the writer?
  - He stood on his head and sang songs.
- 原文
  - I have just moved to a house in Bridge Street. Yesterday a begger knocked at my door. He asked me for a meal and a glass of beer. In return for this, the begger stood on his head and sang songs. I gave him a meal. He ate the food and drank the beer. Then he put a piece of chesse in his pocket and went away. Later a neighour told me about him. Everybody knows him. His name is Percy Buttons. He calls at every house in the street once a month and always asks for meal and a glass of beer.
- knock off  收工，休息，打折扣
- It's past 6 now so let's knock off.
- The shop assistant knocked 10% off the bill.  商店售货员结账时给了百分之十的优惠
- The car knocked the boy over.  汽车把这个男孩撞到了
- In return for = to return the favour
- a piece of furniture  一件家具
- a set of furniture  一套家具
- call at  拜访，光顾
- call in  召集, 召来，邀请，拜访，叫...进来，打电话，要求归还，收回
- call by  顺便拜访
- call on  拜访

# Too late

- detective  侦探
- parcel  包裹
- diamond  钻石
- steal  偷
- keep guard  警戒，守卫
- precious  珍贵的，贵重的
- airfield  停机台
- Why were detectives waiting at the airport?
  - Because they were expecting a valueable parcel of diamonds from South Arica.
- Where did two men take the parcel after the arrival of the plane?
  - They took the parcel to the Customs House.
- What did detectives find in the parcel?
  - They found the parcel full of stones and sand.
- 原文
  - The plane was late and detectives were waiting at the airport all morning. They were expecting a valuable parcel of diamonds from South Africa. A few hours earlier, someone had told the police that thieves would try to steal the diamonds. When the plane arrived, some of the detectives were waiting inside the main building while others were waiting on the airfield. Two man took the parcel off the plane and carried it into the Customs House. While two detectives were keeping guard at the door, two others opened the parcel. To their surprise, the precious parcel was full of stones and sand!
- He kicked the snow off his shoes before getting in.  他踢掉了脚上的雪，在他进屋之前
- She took the painting off the wall.  他把那副画从墙上拿了下来
- a grain of sand  一粒沙子
- a pile of sand  一堆沙子
- 句型结构
  - Detectives were waiting at the airport all morning.
  - They were expecting a valueable parcel of diamonds from South Africa.

# The best and the worst

- enter for  参加
- competition  比赛，竞赛
- neat  整齐的，整洁的
- wooden bridge  木桥
- prize  奖赏
- How is Joe's garden?
  - Joe's garden is the most beautiful one in our town. in the garden competition of town, he wins every time.
- Who else has a fine garden?
  - Bill Frith's
- What prize does the writer always win?
  - He always win a little prize for the worst garden in the town!
- 原文
  - Joe Sanders has the most beautiful garden in our town. Nearly everybody enters for "The Nicest Garden Competition" each year, but Joe wins every time. Bill Frith's garden is larger than Joe's. Bill works harder than Joe and grows more flowers and vegetables, but Joe's garden is more interesting. He has made neat paths and has built a wooden bridge over a pool. I like gardens too, but I do not like hard work. Every year I enter for the garden competition too, and I always win a little prize for the worst garden in the town!
- marathon  马拉松比赛
- She will enter for a beauty contest.  她将参加选美比赛
- He has grow up.  他已经长大成人了
- The village is growing into a town.  这个村子已经发展成为镇
- The business is growing repidly.  业务发展很快
- rapid  快的，急速的
- repidly  迅速地；很快地；立即
- He jumped over the fence.  他跨过了障碍
- The brid fly over the field.  那只鸟飞过了田野
- He got a pay raise for his hard work.  他由于工作努力而得到了加薪
- I bought this book for its attractive cover.  我买这本书是因为它的封面很吸引人
- attractive  吸引的, 有吸引力的, 诱人的, 引起注意的

# A cold welcome

- Town Hall  市政厅
- gather  聚集
- strike  敲，打
- Where did people gather on the last evening of the year?
  - The people gathered under the Town Hall clock.
- What happened to the clock?
  - At five to twelve, the clock stopped, the big minute had did not move.
- How do you understand the title of the story "A cold welcome"?
  - The big clock refused to welcome the New Year.
- 原文
  - On Wednesday evening, we went to the Town Hall. It was the last day of the year and a large crowd of people had gathered under the Town Hall clock. It would strike twelve in twenty minutes' time. Fifteen minutes passed and then, at five to twelve, the clock stopped. The big minute hand did not move. We waited and waited, but nothing happend. Suddenly someone shouted, "It's two minutes past twelve! the clock has stopped!" I looked at my wath. It was true. The big clock refused to welcome the New Year. At that monment, everybody began to laugh and sing.
-  Please gather round.  请大家聚拢过来
- The tour guide gathered the visitors in the lobby.  导游把参观者都聚集到大厅里
- I'll be with you in a moment.  一会我就过来
- He walked past that building.  他走过那座大楼
- the face of a clock  时钟的面盘
- Politely he refused my request  他很礼貌地拒绝了我的请求

# Not for jazz

- jazz  爵士乐
- instrument  乐器
- clavichord  古钢琴
- damage  损坏
- When and where was the clavichord made?
  - It was made in Germany in 1681.
- Who damaged this musical instrument recently?
  - It was a visitor who damaged this musical instrument. She struck the keys too hard an two of the strings were broken.
- What did she try to play on it?
  - She tried to play jazz on it.
- 原文
  - We have an old musical instrument. It is called a clavichord. It was made in Germany in 1681. Our clavichord is kept in the living room. It has belonged to our family for a long time. The instrument was bought by my grandfather many years ago. Recently it was damaged by a visitor. She tried to play jazz on it! She struck the keys too hard and two of the strings were broken. My father was shocked. Now we are not allowed to touch it. It is being repaired by a friend of my father's.
- What kept you?  什么事耽误了你？
- They belong to a younger generation.  他们属于年轻的一代
- That chair belongs in the other room.  那把椅子应该放在另一个房间
- Where do these things belong?  这些东西应该放到哪里？
- shock  打击；震动；震惊；休克；禾束堆；使震动；使震惊；使受电击；使休克；把…堆成禾束堆
- a property of my grandfather's  我祖父的一份财产

# One good turn deserves another  礼尚往来

- a good turn  善意的行为
- deserve  应得到，值得
- lawyers' office  律师事务所
- immediately  立刻
- What does Tony Steele always borrow from his friends?
  - He always borrows money from his friends and never pays it back.
- What did Tony do when the writer asked him to lend twenty pounds?
  - To the writer surprise, Tony gave writer the money immediately.
- What did Tony ask the writer to do?
  - He ask the writer to pay for his dinner.
- 原文
  - I was having dinner at a restaurant when Toney Steele came in. Tony work in a lawyers' office years ago, but he was now working at a bank. He gets a good salary, but he always borrows money from his friends and never pays it back. Tony saw me and came and sat at the same table. He has never borrowed money from me. While he was eating, I asked him to lend me twenty pounds. To my surprise, he gave me the money immediately. "I have never borrowed any money from you." Tony said, "So now you can pay for my dinner!"
- You deserve this prize.  这份奖你是应得的
- His suggestion deserves our attention.  他的建议我们应该引起注意
- He collects his salary at the end of the each month.  他每个月月末领取工资
- salary  按月薪发，通常是白领
- wages  按天或星期发，通常是体力劳动者
- His wages are $250 a week.  他一周的薪水是250美元
- It is one's duty to pay taxes.  交税是每个人的义务
- Who's going to pay all these bills?  谁来付这些账单？
- I'd like to pay by cheque.  我想用支票付账
- He has paid off his debts.  他已经还清债务了
- Is there a pay phone around?  附近有共用付费电话吗？
- Equal pay for equal work.  同工同酬
- Do you get overtime pay?  你有加班费吗？

# Goodbye and good luck

- harbour  港口
- the Atlantic  大西洋
- take part in  参加
- What will Captain Charles Alison do tomorrow morning?
  - Captain Alison will take in an important race across the Atlantic. he will sail from Portmouth.
- Why is Topsail a famous little boat?
  - It's famous because it has sailed across the Atlantic many times.
- How long will Captain Alison be away?
  - He will be away for two months.
- 原文
  - Our neighbour, Captain Charles Alison, will sail from Portmouth tomorrow. We'll meet him at the harbour early in the morning. He will be in his small boat, Topsail. Topsail is a famous little boat. It has sailed across the Atlantic many times. Captatin Alison will set out at eight o'clock, so we'll have plenty of time. We'll see his boat and then we'll say goodbay to him. He will be away for two months. We are very proud of him. He will take in an important race across the Atlantic.
- I'll be over to meet you at the airport.  我会到机场接你
- set out  出发
- set off, start out  出发
- We'll set out for Japan in a week.  一个星期以后，我们将出发去日本
- Will you take care of my plants while I'm away?  我不在期间你可以替我照看下我的花草吗？
- hang up  挂电话
- I think I'll be round for a while.  我想再待一会儿

# The Greenwood Boys

- a group of  一群
- pop singer  流行歌手
- performance  演出
- keep order  维持秩序
- occasion  场合
- Who are the Greenwood Boys?
  - The Greewood Boys are a group of pop singers.
- Who will be meeting the Greenwood Boys at the station?
  - most of the young people in the town will be meeting them at the station.
- Why will the police have a difficult time?
  - Because they will be trying to keep order.
- 原文
  - The Greenwood Boys are a group of pop singers. At present, they are visiting all parts of the country. They will be arriving here tomorrow. They will be coming by train and most of the young people in the town will be meeting them at the station. Tomorrow evening they will be singing at the Workers' Club. The Greenwood Boys will be staying for five days. During this time, they will give five performances. As usual, the police will have a difficult time. They will be trying to keep order. It is always the same on these occasions.
- At present  目前
- Which part of the town do you live in?  你住在镇上的哪个地区
- have a difficult time = have a hard time  日子不好过
- He is a difficult child.  他是一个不好管的孩子
- Don't be so difficult.  不要那么别扭
- It is always the same on these occasions.  每逢这样的场合，情况总是这样
- on many occasions  在许多场合
- on this occasion  在这种情况下;在这场合;在这个场合;这一次
- on one occasion  有一次
- on another occasion  还有一次
- on the first occasion  一有机会就...
- I will contact you on the first occasion.  我一有机会就跟你联系

# Do you speak English?

- amusing  好笑的，有趣的
- wave  招手
- ask sb for a lift  要求搭车
- apart from  除了...以外
- journey  旅行
- reach  到达
- What happened when the writer was driving to a town in France?
  - A young man waved to writer and asked for a lift.
- In which language did the young man reply to the writer's greetings?
  - He replied in French.
- Why did neither of them speak during the journey?
  - Because both of them thought each other was French, and both of them knew a little French.
- 原文
  - I had an amusing experience last year. After I had left a small village in the south of France, I drove on to the next town. On the way, a young man waved to me. I stopped and be asked me for a lift. As soon as he had got into the car, I said good morning to him in French and he replied in the same language. Apart from a few words, I do not know any French at all. Neither of us spoke during the journey. I had nearly reached the town, when the young man suddenly said, very slowly, "Do you speak English?" As I soon learnt, he was English himself!
- On my way to work I was caught in a traffic jam.  在去上班的路上，我赶上了堵车
- Can you give me a ride to the airport?  你可以开车送我去机场吗？
- As soon as...  一...就...
- I'll call you as soon as I arrive there.  我一到那里就给你打电话
- apart from = except for  除了...以外
- We had a good time except for the weather.  除了天气不怎么样，我们还是玩得很开心
- As I soon learnt  我很快了解到；learnt 是 learn 的过去式和过去分词
- As we all know, smoking is very harmful.  众所周知，吸烟有害健康
- As I have told you, I'm very interested in pop music.  正如我告诉你的那样，我对流行音乐很感兴趣
- I myself want to read that book.  我自己还想读那本书呢  这里 myself 起强调作用
- Either of them will do.  这两个哪个都行
- Neither of the answers is correct.  这两个答案哪个都不对
- I like both of them.  这两个我都喜欢

# Good news

- secretary  秘书
- look up  抬头看
- interrupt  打断，插话
- extra  额外
- How did the writer feel when he was told to see his boss?
  - He feel very nervous.
- What did Mr.Harmsworth say about business?
  - He said business was very bad.
- What was the good news for the writer?
  - The good news was he was receive an extra thousand pounds a year.
- 原文
  - The secretary told me that Mr.Harmsworth would see me. I felt very nervous when I went into his office. He did not look up from his desk when I entered. After I had sat down, he said that business was very bad. He told me that the firm could not afford to pay such large salaries. Twenty people had already left. I knew that my turn had come. "Mr. Harmsworth, " I said in a weak voice. "Don't interrupt, " he said. Then he smiled and told me I would receive an extra thousand pounds a year!
- He looked up from the newspaper when someone called him.  当有人叫他的时候他从报纸上抬起头来
- He was recently laid off.  他最近被解雇了
- Now it's your turn to speak.  现在轮到你讲话了
- They are on duty by turns.  他们轮流值班
- We'll cross the bridge in turn.  我们挨个地过那个桥
- They took turns to look after the baby.  他们轮流来照顾这个孩子
- He said he never worked on Sundays.
- He said that he had broken that plate.
- "Mr. Jones will see you," she said.
  - She said that Mr. Jones would see you.
- "I have just finished work, " Mr. Jones said.
  - Mr. Jones said that he had just finished work.
- he is a luckly dog.  他是一个幸运的人

# A polite request

- reminder  提示
- obey  服从
- What will traffic police usually do if you park your car in the wrong place?
  - He will usually give you a ticket.
- What did the writer find on his car during a holidy in Sweden?
  - He found a note on his car.
- What does the writer think of the police's request?
  - He thinks the request is very polite.
- 原文
  - If you park your car in the wrong place, a traffic policeman will soon find it. You will be very lucky if he lets you go without a ticket. However, this does not always happen. Traffic police are sometimes very polite. During a holiday in Sweden, I found this  note on my car: "Sir, we welcome you to our city. This is a No Parking area. You will enjoy your stay here if you pay attention to our street signs. This note is only a reminder." If you receive a request like this, you cannot fail to obey it!
- give a ticket  开罚单
- give sb a ticket for speeding  因超速给某人开罚单
- No Cycling  禁止停车
- No admittance  禁止入内
- fail to do sth.  表示 不会不做某事，双重否定增强语气
- She cannot fail to recognize me.  她不可能认不出我来
- He never fails to write to his mother every week.  他从来不忘记每个星期给他母亲写信

# Always young

- at least  至少
- appear on the stage  在舞台上扮演
- stocking  长筒袜
- sock  短袜
- orange-coloured  橘红色
- What does Aunt Jennifer do and how old is she?
  - Aunt Jennifer is a actress and she must be at least thirty-five.
- What part does Jennifer often act on the stage?
  - She often act part of a young girl on the stage.
- What does she think of being grown up?
  - She think it's terrible.
- 原文
  - My aunt Jennfier is an actress. She must be at least thirty-five years old. In spite of this, she often appears on the stage as a young girl. Jennifer will have to take part in a new play soon. This time, she will be a girl of seventeen. In the play, she must appear in a bright red dress and long black stockings. Last year in another play, she had to wear short socks and a bright, orange-coloured dress. If anyone ever asks her how old she is, she always answers, "Darling, it must be terrible to be grown up!"
- You look pale, You must be ill.  你脸上苍白，你一定是病了
- He must have been there before.  他以前一定去过那里
- I may not be able to solve your problem but I can at least help.  我也许不能解决你的问题，但至少可以帮下忙
- I can read 30 pages an hour at most.  我一个小时最多读30页
- In spite of  尽管；不管，不顾
- In spite of this  尽管如此
- despite 即使;尽管;尽管(自己)不愿意
- Despite her age, she often appears on the stage as a young girl.  尽管她很老，但是她经常扮演一个年轻的女孩子
- Although she is thirty-five, she often appears on the stage as a young girl.
- I'm telling you this as a friend.  我是作为朋友才告诉你这件事
- He treats his dog as his best friend.  他把他的狗当做是他最好的朋友
- I want to know when you will come.
- I aksed the shop assistant how much that watch was.
- I wonder what he will say.

# He often does this!

- pub  小酒店
- landlord  房东，老板；地主
- give sth. back to sb.  把..还给某人
- Where did the writer leave her handbag?
  - She left her hangbag on a chair beside the door.
- Why couldn't she pay the bill?
  - Because she couldn't find her hangbag.
- What had happened to her handbag?
  - The dog had taken it into the garden.
- 原文
  - After I had had lunch at a village pub, I look for my bag. I had left it on a chair beside the door and now it wasn't there! As I was looking for it, the landlord came in. "Did you have a good meal?" he asked. "Yes, thank you" I answered, "but I can't pay the bill. I haven't got my bag." The landlord smiled and immediately went out. In a few minutes, he returned with my bag and gave it back to me. "I'm very sorry, " he said. "My dog had taken it into the garden. He often does this!"
- I was looking for the map for half an hour and finally I found it.
- He left a note on the door.  他在门上留了一张条
- It was gone.  它不见了
- It was missing.  它不见了
- As I was looking for it, the lanlord came in.  当我正在找它的时候，店主进来了
- While I was looking for it the owner of the pub.  当我正在找它的时候，店主进来了
- He arrived with bad news.  他带来了坏消息
- He went out with an umbrella.  他带着雨伞出去了
- have = have got  有
- Have you got a dictionary? = Do you have a dictionary?
- I've got something to tell you. = I have something to tell you.
- He hasn't got a lot of money. = He doesn't have a lot of money.

# Sold out

- at any moment  随时
- sell out  卖完
- ticket office  售票处
- exclaim  呼喊, 惊叫, 大声说
- at once  立刻
- sadly  悲哀地，丧气地
- When was the play going to begin?
  - The play may begin at any moment.
- Were there any tickets left?
  - No, there weren't. there were sold out.
- Why was the writer not very happy about those tickets?
  - Because they are for next Wednesday's performance.
- 原文
  - "The play may begin at any moment, " I said. "It may have begun already, " Susan answered. I hurried to the ticket office. "May I have two tickets please?" I asked. "I'm sorry, we've sold out." the girl said. "What a pity!" Susan exclaimed. Just then, a man hurried to the ticket office. "Can I return those two tickets?" he asked. "Certainly, " the girl said. I went back to the ticket office at once. "Could I have those two tickets please?" I asked. "Centainly, " the girl said, "but they're for next Wednesday's performance. Do you still want them?" "I might as well have them, " I said sadly. （我还是买下吧，我沮丧地说）
- What are you in a hurry for?  你干嘛这么匆匆忙忙的？
- John sold up and went to Australia.  约翰变卖了财产去了澳大利亚
- He sold his watch at a low price.  他低价卖了他的手表
- She told her computer for 300 pounds.  他把他的电脑卖了300英镑
- I have a meeting for two o'clock.
- Have you got the train ticket for tomorrow?
- There is nothing to do now, so I might/may as well go to bed.
- Since you will know it sooner or later, I might as well tell you now.  既然你迟早要知道这件事情，我倒不如现在就告诉你

# One man in a boat 独坐孤舟

- fisherman (复数 fishermen)  钓鱼人，渔民
- realize  意识到
- What do some unlucky fishermen catch?
  - They often catch old boots and rubbish.
- Why does the writer say he is even less lucky?
  - Because he never catch anything-not even old boots.
- What is he really interested in?
  - He is only interested in sitting in a boat and doing nothing at all.
- 原文
  - Fishing is my favourite sport. I often fish for hours without catching anything. But this does not worry me. Some fishermen are unlucky. Insted of catching fish, they catch old boots and rubbish. I am even less lucky. I never catch anything-not even old boots. After having spent whole morning on the river, I aways go home with an empty bag. "You must give fishing!" my friends say. "It's a waste of time." But they don't realize one important thing. I'm not really interested in fishing. I am only interested in sitting in a boat and doing nothing at all!
- Smoking can cause lung cancer.  吸烟有可能导致肺炎
- He ordered chicken instead of fish.  他没有点鱼而是点了鸡
- I am even less lucky.  我更不幸
- I'm not even as lucky as they are.  我甚至没有他们幸运
- He is getting less talkative than usual.  他变得比以往更不爱说话了
- I realize that it's very late now.  我意识到现在已经很晚了
- He has realize his dream.  他实现了他的梦想

# Mad or not 是不是疯了

- drive sb. mad  使某人发疯
- passing  过往的
- come into use  开始被使用
- knock down  撞到
- night and day  日夜不停地
- offer  提供，开价
- be determined to do sth  决意做某事
- How does the writer feel about airplanes?
  - He feels that airplanes are slowly driving him mad.
- What has made most of his neighbours leave their homes?
  -  Most of his neighbours have been driven away from their house by the noise.
- Why do people think the writer is mad?
  - Becuase he have been offered a large sum of money to go away, but he is determined to stay here.
- 原文
  - Airplanes are slowly driving me mad.  I live near an airport and passing planes can be heard night and day. The airport was built years ago, but for some reason it could not be used then. Last year, however, it came into use. Over a hundred people must have been driven away from their homes by the noise. I am one of the few people left. Sometimes I think this house will be knocked down by a passing plane. I have been offered a large sum of money to go away, but I am determined to stay here. Eveybody says I must be mad and they are probably right.
- drive sb. crazy / insane  使某人发疯
- drive away  赶走
- Over a hundred people must have been driven away from their homes by the noise.  超过上百人被这个噪音赶走
- I was driven by my curiosity to look into the window.  在好奇心的趋势下，我想窗户里看去
- What are you driving at?  你到底想说明什么？
- for some reason  由于某种原因
- for various reasons  由于各种各样的原因
- for different reasons  由于不同的原因
- for one reason or another  由于这样或那样的原因
- be out of use  不在被使用
- That telephone is out of use now.  那部电话现在已经不能使用了
- He was given a bike on his birthday.  在他生日那天，有人送了一台自行车给他

# A glass envelope

- channel  海峡
- regularly  有规律地
- What did Jane do when she and her family were traveling across the Channel?
  - She put a piece of paper with her name and address on it into a bottle, and she threw the bottle into the sea.
- What happened ten months later?
  - She received a letter from a girl of her own age in Holland.
- How do the two girls send letters to each other now?
  - They send letters to each other by post office.
- 原文
  - My daughter, Jane, never dreamed of receving a letter from a girl of her own age in Holland. Last year, we were traveling across the Channel and Jane put a piece of paper with her name and address on it into a bottle. She threw the bottle into the sea. She never thought of it again, but ten months later, she received a letter from a girl in Holland. Both girls writer to each other regularly now. However, they have decided to use the post office. Letters will cost a little more, but they will certainly travel faster.
- I never dreamed of meeting you here.  我怎么也想不到在这里能碰见你
- She dreamed of living in that beautiful house.
- The English Channel  英吉利海峡
- a piece of bread with butter on it.  一块涂有黄油的面包
- a pool with a small bridge over it.  一个带有一座小桥的小池塘
- This computer cost me a lot of money.  这台电脑花了不少钱
- I spent a lot of money on this computer.  我在这台电脑上花了不少钱
- thought of  想起
- She never thought of it again.  她再也没有想起它
- I withdrew a lot of money from the bank yesterday.  我昨天去银行取了很多钱
- He congratulated me on having got engaged.  她祝贺我订婚了
- This warm coat will protect you from the cold.  这件暖和的大衣会帮助你御寒
- I insist on your telling me the truth.  我坚持要你告诉我实话
- I warned him of the danger, but he wouldn't listen to me.  我警告过他危险，但是他不听我的
- The film was based on a novel by Dickens.  这部电影是根据迪根的一部小说拍成的
- Please concerntrate on what you are doing.  请把注意力集中在你正在做的事情上

# A new house

- strange  奇怪的
- district  地区
- Why will the writer's sister get a surprise when she comes to England next year?
  - Because she will find the writer family are now living in a beautiful new house in the country.
- When was the house completed?
  - It was completed after the writer's sister had left for Nigeria.
- What is special about the new house?
  - It is only modern house in the district.
- 原文
  - I had a letter from my sister yesterday. She lives in Nigeria. In her letter, she said that she would come to England next year. If she comes, she will get a surprise. We are now living in a beautiful new house in the country. Work on it had begun before my sister left. The house was completed five months ago. In my letter, I told her that she could stay with us. The house has many large rooms and there is a lovely garden. It is a very modern house, so it looks strange to some people. It must be the only modern house in the district.
- You must have done a lot of work.  你一定是做了很多工作
- He seems angry
- He appeared sleepy  他看起来有些困
- Silk feels very soft.  丝绸摸起来非常的软
- The coffee tastes very strong.

# It could be worse

- upset  不安
- sympathetic  表示同情的
- complain  抱怨
- wicked  很坏的，邪恶的
- contain  包含，内装
- Why did the writer feel upset?
  - Because he had just lost $50.
- How did the hotel manager react to the situation?
  - He was sympathetic, but could do nothing.
- What did the hotel manager begin to complain about?
  - He begun complain about the wicked world.
- Why did the writer say "There is still some honesty in this world"?
  - Because a girl came into the hotel manager's office with an envelope, that contain $50, she found this outside the writer's room.
- 原文
  - I entered the hotel manager's office and sat down. I had just lost $50 and I felt very upset. "I left the money in my room, " I said, "and it's not there now." The manager was sympathetic, but he could do nothing. "Eveyone's losing money these days, " he said. He  started to complain about this wicked world, but was interrupted by a knock at the door. A girl come in and put an envelope on his desk. It contained $50. "I found this outside this gentleman's room, " she said. "Well," I said to the manager, "there is still some honesty in this world!"
- It could be worse.  这可能还不是最糟糕的
- You are always picking on me.  你总是在挑我的毛病
- these days  最近
- Short skirts are in fashion these days.  最近短裙很流行
- I'm going to visit an old friend one of these days.  这几天我要去拜访一位老朋友 
- one of these days.  总有一天，有朝一日
- He's always complaining about something.  他总是满腹恼骚

# Do the English speak English?

- porter  搬运工
- wonder  感到奇怪
- at last  终于
- Where did the writer arrive?
  - He arrived railway station in London.
- Why couldn't the writer understand the porter?
  - Because the porter spoke neither slowly nor clearly.
- Why does the writer wonder?
  - Because the English understand each other, but he doesn't understand them.
- 原文
  - I arrived in London at last. They railway station was big, black and dark. I did not know the way to my hotel, so I aksed a porter. I not only spoke English very carefully, but very clearly as well. The porter, however, could not understand me.  I repeated my question several times and at last he understood. He answered me, but he spoke neither slowly nor clearly. "I am a foreigner, " I said. Then he spoke slowly, but I could not understand him. My teacher never spoke English like that! The porter and I looked at each other and smiled. Then he said something and I understood it. "You'll soon learn English!" he said. I wonder, In England, each person speaks a different language. The English understand each other, but I don't understand them! Do they speak English?
- The porter and I looked at each other and smiled.  我和搬运工相视一笑
- I wonder at his rudeness.  我对他的无礼感到奇怪
- I wonder what will happen next.  我不知道接下来会发生什么
- I wonder why the museum is closed today.  我不知道博物馆今天为什么关门了
- I'm wondering if you could help me.  我在想你是否能帮我一下
- It's a great wonder!  真是一个伟大的奇迹！
- No wonder!  怪不得
- not only... but ... as well  不但... 而且
- I not only spoke English very carefully, but clearly as well.  我讲英语不但讲得很仔细，而且还讲得很清楚
- He is not only clever but diligent as well.  他不但聪明而且还很勤奋
- neither..nor...  既不...也不
- I have neither called nor written to him.  我既不给他打电话，也不给他写信
- I have neither time nor money to travel.  我既没有时间也没有钱去旅游
- Either you or I will have to do the job.  不是你做这个工作就是我做
- You can either stay or leave.  你可以留下来也可以走
- Either you are wrong or he is.  不是你错了就是他错了
- Both he and I have seen that film.  他和我都看过那部片子
- I can speak both English and French.

# The best art critics 最佳艺术评论家

- art critic  艺术评论家
- paint a picture  画画
- pretend  假装
- pattern  图案
- curtain  窗帘，幕布
- appreciate  鉴赏
- notice  注意到
- hang a picture on the wall  把衣服画挂在墙上
- critically  批评地
- unside down  上下颠倒地
- Does the writer think that many people really understand modern art?
  - No, he doesn't. He think many people pretend that they understand modern art, they always tell you what a picture is "about".
- Why do young children often appreciate modern pictures better than anyone else?
  - According to the writer children notice more.
- What did the writer's sister say about the picture on the wall?
  - She said "It's all right, but isn't it upside down?"
- 原文
  - I am an art student and I paint a lot of pictures. Many people pretend that they understand modern art. They always tell you what a picture is "about". Of course, many pictures are not "about" anything. They are just pretty patterns. We like them in the same way that we like pretty curtain material. I think that young children often appreciate modern pictures better than anyone else. They notice more. My sister is only seven. but she always tells me whether my pictures are good or not. She came into my room yesterday. "What are you doing?" she asked. "I'm hanging this picture on the wall" I answered. "It's a new one. Do you like it?" She looked at it critically for a moment. "It's all right, " she said, "but isn't it upside down?" I looked at it again. She was right! It was!
-  Can you tell me what this is all about?  你能不能告诉我这是怎么回事？
- in the same way that  以同样的方式，正如
- He was thinking in the same way that/as I was.  他和我想到一块去了
- She is singing in the same way that a professional singer does.  她唱歌和专业歌手一样
- We like them in the same way that we like pretty curtain material.  我们喜欢它正如我们喜欢那些漂亮的窗帘布一样
- I really appreciate your help.  我很感谢你的帮助
- Yesterday we went to the museum and nowhere else.  昨天我们只去了博物馆，其他哪儿也没去
- Would you like to drink anything else?  你还想喝点别的什么吗？
- Don't you know him?  你不认识他吗？
- Aren't you going to see him this evening?  你不是今晚要去看他吗？

# A wet night 雨夜

- put up a tent  架起帐篷
- by the campfire  在营火旁
- put out the fire  扑灭火
- creep (crept)  爬行
- sleep soudly  香甜地睡了
- leap (leapt)  跳跃，跳起
- stream  小溪
- form  形成
- wind (wound)  蜿蜒
- Where did the boys put up their tent late in the afternoon?
  - They boys put up their tent in the minddle of a field.
- What did they do after their meal?
  - They told stories and sang sings by the campfire.
- What happened in the middle of the night?
  - They found the tent was full of water and it was raining heavily outside.
- 原文
  - Late in the afternoon, the boys put up their tent in the minddle of a field. As soon as this was done, they cooked a meal over an open fire. They were all hungry and the food smelled good. After a wonderful meal, they told stories and sang sings by the campfire. But some time later it began to rain. They boys felt tired so they put out the fire and crept into their tent. Their sleeping bags were warm and comfortable, so they all slept soundly. In the minddle of the night, two boys woke up and began shouting. Then tent was full of water! They all leapt out of their sleeping bags and hurried outside. It was raining heavily and they found that a steam had formed in the field. The stream wound its way across the field and then flowed right under their tent!
- Could you put me up for two nights?  你能给我提供两个晚上的住宿吗？
- put up  提供；建造；举起；提高；推举，提名；供给…住宿；直接行动
- He's putting up his computer for sale.  他准备把他的计算机卖了
- Please put out the light when you leave.  你走的时候，请把灯熄了
- I was awaked by the noise outside the window.  我被窗外的声音吵醒了
- The stream wound its way across the field and then flowed right under their tent!  这条小溪弯弯曲曲的流向田野，正好从他们的帐篷下穿过  这里的 right  表示正好
- A path winds through the woods.  一条小路蜿蜒穿过树林
- A snake winds round a branch.  一条蛇缠绕在树枝上
- He winds the clock every day.  他每天给钟上发条
- He appeared right then.  他正好在那时候出现了

# No parking

- rare  罕见
- ancient  古代的，古老的
- myth  神话故事
- effect  结果，效果
- What is Jasper's trouble?
  - His trouble is that he has never been able to get his own car into his garage ever since he bought a new house in the city.
- What has he put up outside his gate?
  - He has put up "No Parking" signs outside his gate.
- Why has he put the stone head of Medusa over his gate?
  - He hopes the stone head of Medusa wil return cars and owners to stone.
- 原文
  - Jasper White is one of those rare people who believes in ancient myths. He has just bought a new house in the city, but ever since he moved in, he has had trouble with cars and their owners. When he returns home at night, he always finds that someone has parked a car outside his gate. Because of this, he has not been able to get his own car into his garage even once. Jasper has put up "No Parking" signs outside his gate, but these have not had any effect. Now he has put an ugly stone head over the gate. It is one of the ugliest faces I have ever seen. I aksed him what it was and he told me that it was Medusa, the Gorgon. Jasper hopes that she will return cars and their owners to stone. But none of them has been turned to stone yet!
- Do you have any trouble with your neighbours?  你有和邻居发生过摩擦吗？
- Have you ever been in trouble with police?  你曾经和警察发生过摩擦吗？
- This medicine has had no effect on the patient.  这药对病人没有任何作用
- Coffee doesn't have any effect on me.  咖啡对我没有任何作用
- The contract takes effect as of October 1.  合同从10月1号起生效
- You cannot turn lies to truth = You cannot turn lies into truth.  你不能把谎言变成真理
- None of them = not any one of them.  他们中没有任何人
- Is it your mobile phone that/which is ringing?  是你的手机在响吗？
  - 这里的 that/which 不能省略，因为做主语
- The book (which/that) I'm reading now is very interesting.
  - 这里 which/that 做 reading 的宾语，可以省略
- You are the only person (whom) I trust.  你是我唯一信任的人
  - 这里 whom 做 trust 的宾语，可以省略

# Taxi!

- land  着陆
- ploughed field  耕过的地
- a block of flats  一栋公寓楼
- a deserted car park  废弃的停车场
- lonely  偏僻的，人极罕见的
- Why does the writer say Captain Ben Fawcett's taxi is unusual?
  - Because the taxi is actually a small Swiss airplane called a "Pilatus Porter".
- What is the most surprising thing about this "taxi"?
  - The most surprsing thing about it is that it can land anwhere: on snow, water, or even on a ploughed field.
- Why has Captain Fawcett refused to fly a businessman to that lonely island in the Atlantic Ocean?
  - Because the trip was too dangerous.
- 原文
  - Captain Ben Fawcett has bought an ususual taxi and has begun a new service. The "taxi" is a small Swiss airplane/aeroplean called a "Pilatus Porter". This wonderful plane can carry seven passengers. The most surprising thing about it, however, is that it can land anywhere: on snow, water, or even on a ploughed field. Captain Fawcett's first passenger was a doctor who flew from Birmingham to a lonely village in the Welsh mountains. Since then, Captain Fawcett has flown passengers to many unusual places. Once he landed on the roof of a block of flats and on another occasion, he landed in a deserted car park. Captain Fawcett has just refused a strange request from a businessman. The man wanted to fly to Rockall, a lonely island in the Atlantic Ocean, but Captain Fawcett did not take him because the trip was too dangerous.
- Have you heard of a restaurant named "Small Potato"?  你听说过一家叫做小土豆的饭馆吗？
- She's carrying a baby in her arms.  她怀里抱着一个婴儿
- Don't carry too much money.  别带太多钱在身上
- The morning paper carried the story.  晨报刊载了这个故事
- A strange thing about him is that he often wears sunglasses, even when he's inside the room.
- The ball landed in the lake.  球掉到了湖里
- The children are flying kites.  孩子们正在放风筝
- Take it away.  把这个拿走
- Take a seat please.  请坐
- I'll take your word.  我相信你的话

# Football or polo

- polo  水球
- cut across  横穿
- river bank  河岸
- row  划(船)
- call out  高喊
- fall(fell)  落，降落
- in sight  在视线中，被看到
- What does the writer usually do on fine afternoon?
  - He likes sitting by the Wayle on fine afternoon.
- What did one of the children do?
  - One of the children kicked a ball very hard and it went towards a passing boat.
- What happened to the man in the boat?
  - The ball struck him so hard that he nearly fell into the water.
- Was the man angry or not?
  - No, he wasn't angry, instead he laughed when he realized what had happend.
- 原文
  - The Wayle is a small river that cuts across the park near my home. I like sitting by the Wayle on fine afternoons. It was warm last Sunday, so I went and sat on the river bank as usual. Some children were playing games on the bank and there were some people rowing on the river. Suddenly, one of the children kicked a ball very hard and it went towards a passing boat. Some people on the bank called out to the man in the boat, but he did not hear them. The ball struck him so hard that he nearly fell into the water. I turned to look at the children, but there weren't any in sight: they had all run away! The man laughed when he realized what had happend. He called out to the children and threw the ball back to the bank.
- Peace in the sight  和平在望
- Suddenly a bird came in sight.  突然一直鸟飞入了我们的视野
- Land is out of sight now.  陆地已经看不见了
- Get this out of my sight.  把这个拿走别让我看见
- Out of sight, out of mind.  眼不见，心不烦
- They fell in love at first sight.  他们一见钟情
- I'm so tired that I can fall asleep right now.
- He is so busy that he doesn't even have time to say hello to me.
- The request is so polite that you cannot fail to obey it.

# Success story

- retire  退休
- workshop  车间
- helper  帮手，助手
- employ  雇佣
- Why can Frank be said to be successful in business?
  - Because Frank was head of a very large business company before he reired.
- What was Frank's job in a small shop?
  - His job to repair bicycles.
- What did Frank do in 1958?
  - In 1958, Frank bought a small workshop of his own with the money he has saved for years.
- What did Frank's wife want him to do?
  - She wanted him to repair their grandson's bicycle.
- 原文
  - Yesterday afternoon Frank Hawkins was telling me about his experiences as a young man. Before he reired, Frank was the head of a very large business company, but as a boy he used to work in a small shop. It was his job to repair bicycles and at that time he used to work fourteen hours a day. He saved money for years and in 1958 he bought a small workshop of his own. In his twenties Frank used to make spare parts of aeroplanes. At that time he had two helpers. In a few years the small workshop had become a large factory which employed seven hundred and twenty-eight people. Frank smiled when he remembered his hard early years and the long road to success. He was still smiling when the door opened and his wife came in. She wanted him to repair their grandson's bicycle!
- Did you use to see each other a lot?
- I used to cook my own meals every day but now I often eat out.
- It's a great pleasure to talk to you.  和你谈话很高兴
- She is saving up for holidays.  他正在为度假攒钱
- Let's take a taxi to save time.  我们坐出租车吧可以节省时间
- Save your breath, he won't listen to you.  你省省力气吧，他不想听你的
- They started a business of their own.  他们创办了一家自己的公司
- Finally I've got a flat of my own.  最后我终于有一间自己的公寓了
- in his early thirties  在他30岁刚出头
- in his late fifties  在他近60岁的时候
- This is road to Summer Palace.  这是去颐和园的路

# Shopping made easy

- temptation  诱惑
- well-dressed  穿着入时的
- article  物品，东西
- warp up  包起来
- arrest 逮捕
- find out  发现
- a free dress  免费的
- Whom did the detective watch recently?
  - Recently, the detective watched a well-dressed woman who always went into a large store on Monday mornings.
- What did the woman do after choosing the expensive dress?
  - She handed it to an assistant who warpped it up for her as quickly as possible.
- What did the detective find out?
  - The detective find out that the shop assistant was her daughter, the girl "gave" her mother a free dress once a week!
- 原文
  - People are not so honest as they once were. The temptation to steal is greater than ever before, especially in large shops. A detective recently watched a well-dressed woman who always went into a large store on Monday mornings. One Monday, there were fewer people in the shop than usual when the woman came in, so it was easier for the detective to watch her. The woman frist bought a few small articles. After a little time, she chose one of the most expensive dress in the shop and handed it to an assistant who warpped it up for her as quickly as possible. Then the woman simply took the parcel and walked out of the shop without paying. When she was arrested, the detective found out that the shop assistant was her daughter. The girl "gave" her mother a free dress once a week!
- The temptation to steal is greater than ever before.  偷窃的诱惑力比以往任何时候都要大
- resist the temptation  抵制诱惑
- The taix driver handed me the change.  出租车司机把零钱递给了我
- Pleas hand in your homework.  你把你们的作业交上来
- They hand over the thief to the police.  他们把小偷交给了警察
- The story was handed down from generation to genertion.  这个故事被一代一代地传了下来
- Please reply as soon as possible.  请尽快回复我
- simply 简单地；朴素地；简直；仅仅；坦白地
  - 强调语气，起强调作用
  - I simply can't stand his rude manners.  我就是忍受不了他那无礼的样子
  - Then the woman simple took the parcel and walked out of the shop without paying.  然后那个女人拿着包裹就走出了商店，根本没有付钱
- People are not so honest as they once were.  人们不如以往诚实了
- It's not so easy as I thought.  这不像我想象的那么简单
- The film is not so interesting as I expected.  电影没有我期望的那样有趣

# Out of the darkness

- darkness  黑暗
- set out  出发，动身
- coast  海岸
- towards evening  天将黑时
- ahead  在前面
- cliff  峭壁
- struggle  挣扎
- shore  海边，海滨；支柱
- What happened after the girl set out from the coast in a small boat one afternoon?
  - She was caught in a storm.
- What did the girl do when the boat struck a rock?
  - She jumped into the sea.
- How many miles did she swim that night?
  - She covered a distance of eight miles.
- Where did she find herself when she woke up a day later?
  - She found herself in hospital after she woke up.
- 原文
  - Nearly a week passed before the girl was able to explain what had happened to her. One afternoon she set out from the coast in a small boat and was caught in a storm. Towards evening, the boat struck a rock and the girl jumped into the sea. Then she swam to the shore after spending the whole night in the water. During that time she covered a distance of eight miles. Early next morning. she saw a light ahead. She knew she was near the shore because the light was high up on the cliffs. On arriving at the shore, the girl struggled up the cliff towards the light she had seen. That was all she remembered. When she woke up a day later, she found herself in hospital.
- be caught in  突然赶上了什么，陷入了什么
- I was caught in traffic for an hour.  我赶上了堵车，堵了一个小时
- On entering the gate, he was stopped by the guard.  他刚进大门，就被门卫拦住了
- On seeing the man, she waved and called out to him.  见到那个男人后，他就向他招手招呼他
- All (that) you can do it is to wait.
- He found himself in a strange place.  他发现自己身处一个陌生的地方
- She found herself unable to say anything on an occasion like this.  他发现自己在这样一个场合下什么也说不出来
- I found myself trembling.  我发现我自己在发抖
- It was three days before he came back.
- The phone had hung for on minute before someone answered it.  电话响了一分钟才有人接

# Quick work

- call at  拜访
- amused  愉快的，开心的
- Why has Dan Robinson been worried all week?
  - Because last Tuesday he received a letter from the local police station. In the letter he was aksed to call at the station.
- What was he told at the police station?
  - He was told that his bicycle had been found. It was picked up in a small village four hundred miles away. It is now being sent ot his home by train.
- Why was Dan amused when he heard the news?
  - Because he never expected the bicycle to be found. It was stolen twenty years ago when Dan was a boy of fiteen.
- 原文
  - Dan Robinson has been worried all week. Last Tuesday he received a letter from the local police. In the letter he was asked to call at the station. Dan wondered why he was wanted by the police, but he went to the station yesterday and now he is not worried anymore. At the station, he was told by a smiling policman that his bicycle had been found. Five days ago, the policeman told him, the bicycle was picked up in a small village four hundred miles away. It is now being sent to his home by train. Dan was more surprised when he heard the news. He was amused too, because he never expected the bicycle to be found. It was stolen twenty years ago when Dan was a boy of fifteen!
- Dan Robinson has been worried all week.  Dan Robinson 整整一个星期都焦虑不安
  - 这里的 has been worried 是 be worried 的完成时态
  - worried 是形容词；其他还有：surprised amused excited amazed confued shocked
- These two men are wanted by the police.  这两个人正被警方通缉
- You are wanted on the phone.  有人在电话里要找你
- He picked up the phone.  他拿起了电话
- I'll come to pick you up at seven.  我在七点来接你
- He picked up a few words of English during his holiday in England.  他在英国度假期间学了几句英语
- He never excepted the bicycle to be found.
  - He never expected that the bicycle would be found.
  - He never excepted that the police would find the bicycle.

# Stop thief

- a short while ago  不久前
- regret  后悔
- rush  冲
- straight  径直
- fright  害怕
- drop  放手丢下(东西)
- battered  撞坏的
- recognize  认出，承认
- shortly afterwards  没过多久
- How does Roy like his new job as a bus driver?
  - He finding his new job very exciting.
- How did he try to stop the thieves?
  - He first drove the bus straight at the thieves, and then as the thieves were trying to get away in their car, Roy drove his bus into the back of it.
- Why was the thieves' car easy to recognize?
  - Because the thieves' car was badly damaged.
- 原文
  - Roy Trenton used to drive a taxi. A short while ago, however, he became a bus driver and he has not regretted it. He is finding his new work far more exciting. When he was driving along Catford Street recently, he saw two thieves rush out of a shop and run towards a waiting car. One of them was carrying a bag full of money. Roy acted quickly and drove the bus straight at the thieves. The one with the money got such a fright that he dropped the bag. As the thieves were trying to get away in their car, Roy drove his bus into the back of it. While the battered car was moving away, Roy stopped his bus and telephone the police. The thieves' car was badly damaged and easy to recognize. Shortly afterwards, the police stopped the car and both men were arrested. 
- This is a far better idea.  这是一个要好得多的主意
- He is far more clever than you think.  他要比你想象中聪明的多
- He saw the ball fly straight towards the man in the boat.  他看见那个球向船上的那个人直飞过去
- I saw some children playing games in the park.
- Roy acted quickly and drove the bus straight at the thieves.  Roy迅速作出反应开车向小偷冲过去
- Think before you cat.  在你行动之前想一想
- He acted his part very well.  他把那个角色演得很好
- The girl acted as our tour guide.  那位女孩充当我们的导游
- Don't shut at me.  别对着我喊
- The boy threw a stone at the bird.  那个男孩向鸟扔石头
- The one with the money got such a fright that he dropped the bag.
  - The one with the money got so frightened that he dropped the bag.
- It's such a wonderful experience that I'll never forget it.
- The thieves' car was badly damaged and easy to recognize.
  - 这里的 badly 不是坏的意思，是程度副词，非常，很 的意思
- I need that book badly.  我急需要那本书

# Across the channel

- set up a world record  创立一个世界纪录
- train  训练
- anxiously  焦急地;担忧地
- intend  打算
- solid  固体的，硬的
- What is Debbie going to do tomorrow?
  - Debbie is going to swim across the English Channel tomorrow.
- What is Debbie's hope?
  - Debbie's hope is to set up a new world boat.
- What did Debbie's mother do when she was a girl?
  - She is swam across the English Channl herself when she was a girl.
- 原文
  - Debbie Hart is going to swim across the English Channel tomorrow. She is going to set out from the French coast at five o'clock in the morning. Debbie is only eleven years old and she hopes to set up a new world record. She is a strong swimmer and many people feel that she is sure to succed. Debbie's father will set out with her in a small boat. Mr. Hart has trained his daughter for years. Tomorrow he will be watching her anxiously as she swims the long distance to England. Debbie intends to take short rests every two hours. She will have something to drink but she will not eat any soild food. Most of Debbie's shcool friends will be waiting for her on the English coast. Among them will be Debbie's mother, who swam the Channel herself when she was a girl. 
- She broke the world record twice.  他打破了两次世界纪录
- He set up a good example to all of us.  他为我们大家做出了一个好的榜样
- He set up a small company of his own.  他创办了一个自己的小公司
- He is strong in writing.  他擅长写作
- Be sure to turn off all the lights when you leave.  你离开的时候一定要把所有的灯关了
- Next month she will start her new job in Shanghai, which is her birthplace.  下个月她将在上海开展她的新工作，上海是他的出生地

# The Olympic Games

- Olympic-standard  符合奥运会标准的
- hold  召开
- government  政府
- immense  巨大的
- stadium  露天体育场
- fantastic  巨大的
- look forward to  期望，期待
- When and where will the next Olympic Games be held?
  - The Olympic Games will be held in the writer country in four years' time.
- What will the government be building for the Olympic Games?
  - The government will be building new hotels, an immense stadium, and a new Olypmic standard swimming pool. They will also be bilding new roads and a special railway line.
- Why are the people so much looking forward to the Games?
  - Because they have never been held before in this country.
- 原文
  - The Olympic Games will be held in our country in four years' time. As a great many people will be visiting the country, the government will be building new hotels, an immense stadium, and a new Olypmic standard swimming pool. They will also be building new roads and a special railway line. The Games will be held just outside the capital and the whole area will be called "Olypmic City". Workers will have completed the new roads by the end of this year. By the end of next year, they will have finished work on the new stadium. The fantastic modern buildings have been designed by Kurt Gunter. Everybody will be watching anxiously as the new buildings go up, We are all very excited and are looking forward to the Olypmic Games because they have never been held before in this country.
- hold meeting  开会
- hold a party  开一个晚会
- As this is the frist time for me to speak to such a large audience, I feel nervous.
- I can't stay for long as I have an appointment in twenty minutes' time.
- build a reservoir  修建一个水库
- build a fire  生火
- build a character  培养性格
- Prices are going up these days.  最近物价在上涨

# Eveything except the Weather

- the Mediterranean  地中海
- settle down  定居
- continually  不断地
- bitterly cold  刺骨地冷
- get a shock  感到惊奇
- as if  好像
- Where had Harrison spent many years before he returned to England?
  - He had spent many years in the Mediterranean before he returned to England.
- What did he complain about after he bought a house?
  - He complain the weather. for even though it was still summer, it rained continually and ti was often bitterly cold.
- What did he do in the end?
  - He sold his house and left England.
- 原文
  - My old friend, Harrison, had lived in the Mediterranean for many years before he returned to England. He had often dreamed of retiring in England and had planned to settle down in the country. He had no sooner returned than he bought a house and went to live there. Almost immediately he began to complain about the weather, for even though it was still summer, it rained continually and it was often bitterly cold. After so many years of sunshine, Harrison got a shock. He acted as if he had never lived in England before. In the end, it was more than he could bear. He had hardly had time to settle down when he sold the house and left the country. The dream he had had for so many years ended there. Harrison had thought of everythging except the weather.
- She settled herself down in a chair with a cup of tea.  她拿了一杯茶舒舒服服地坐在椅子上
- The siutation has settled down.  局势已经停静下来
- They quarreled continually.  他们不断地吵架
- They have quarreled continuously for more than an hour.  他们已经连续不停地吵了一个小时
- After so many years of sunshine.  在阳光下生活了那么多年
- The news of her death was a shock to me.
- Your letter came as a surprise.  你的来信让我很惊喜
- He acted as if he had never lived in England before.  他的举动好像他从来没有在英国居住过
- as if = as though  好像.. 仿佛...  后面用虚拟语气
- She looked at me as if I were a stranger.  他看我的样子好像我是陌生人一样
- It looked as though it were going to rain.  看起来好像要下雨了
- It was more than he could bear.  他是在忍受不了了
- My gratitude is more than I can express in words.  感激之情无以言表
- no sooner..than..  一...就...
  - He had no sooner returned than he bought a house and went to live there.  他一回到英国就买了一座房子住进去
  - I had no sooner entered the room than the telephone rang.
  - No sooner had I entered the room than the telephone rang.
- harld...when... 一...就...
  - He had hardly had time to settle down when he sold the house.  他刚刚安顿下来，就把房子给卖了
  - I had hardly know him well enough when he began to greet me like an old friend.
  - Hardly had I know him well enough when he began to greet me like an old friend.

# Am I all right?

- Operation  手术
- bedside  床旁的
- the following day  接下来的一天
- exchange  交换台
- inquire about  询问，打听
- certain  某个
- caller  打电话的人
- What did Dr.Millington refuse to tell his patient, John Gibert?
  - Dr.Millington refuse to tell his patient whether his ooperation had been successful.
- Why did the doctor tell John Gilbert on the phone about this operation the following day?
  - Because the doctor thought that he was different person. the caller was a different person. he thought it could be a relative of John Gilbert. so he told him about operation.
- According to the doctor, when would Mr. Gilbert be allowed to go home?
  - The doctor said that Mr. Gilbert not go home yet. he said he would have to stay in hospital for another two weeks.
- 原文
  - While John Gilbert was in hospital, he asked his doctor to tell him whether his operation had been successful, but the doctor refuesed to do so. The following day, the patient asked for a bedside telephone. When he was along, he telephoned the hospital exchange and aksed for Doctor Millington. When the doctor answered the phone. Mr. Gilbert said he was inquiring about a certain patient, a Mr. John Gilbert. He aksed if Mr. Gilbert's operation had been successful and the doctor told him that it had been. He then asked when Mr Gilbert would be allowed to go home and the doctor told him that he would have to stay in hospital for another two weeks. Then Dr. Millington aksed the caller if he was a relative of the patient. "No, " the patient answered, "I am Mr. John Gilbert."
-  He hopes he will win and I hope so too.
- If you say so, I'll have to believe it.
- Are you ready? If so, let's go.
- I'd like to inquire about the flights.  我想打听一下航班的情况
- We'll inquire into the matter as soon as we can.  我们会尽快调查此事
- She inquire after my mother's health.  她向我问候我母亲的健康情况
- for another two weeks = for two more weeks
- I've had a beer and I'm going to order another one.
- We'll discuss this another time.
- I have a few more questions to ask.  我还有几个问题要问
- One more thing, please let me know your adress when you get there.  还有一件事，请你到了以后把你的地址告诉我

# Food and talk

- dinner party  宴会
- sit next to sb  挨着某人坐
- unsmiling  不笑的，严肃的
- tight  紧身的
- take one's seat  坐下
- make conversion  闲聊，找话谈
- despair  绝望，失望
- Where did the writer sit at the dinner party?
  - The writer was sitting next to a woman call Mrs. Rumbold.
- How was the conversion between the writer and Mrs. Rumbold?
  - The conversion didn't very well. The writer aksed a few questions and Mrs. Rumbold always answered "No". 
- What did Mrs. Rumbold say to the writer when he asked her if she was enjoying her dinner?
  - She said "Young man, if you ate more and talked less. we would both enjoy our dinner!"
- 原文
  - Last week at a dinner party, the hostess asked me to sit next to Mrs. Rumbold. Mrs. Rumblod was a large, unsmiling lady in a tight black dress. She did not even look up when I took my seat beside her. Her eyes were fixed on her plate and in a short time, she was busy eating. I tried to make conversion. "A new play is coming to The Globe " soon, I said. "Will you be seeing it?" "No" she answered. "Will you be spending your holidays aborad this year?" I asked. "No, " she answered. "Will you be staying in England?" I asked. "No, " she answered. In despair, I asked her whether she was enjoying her dinner. "Young man, " she answered, "If you ate more and talked less. we would both enjoy our dinner!"
-  The post office is next to hotel.
- Next to your mother, who do you love most?  除了你妈妈，你最爱谁
- I know next to nothing about him.  我几乎对他一无所知
- eyes were fix on  眼镜盯着什么
  - Her eyes were fixed on her plate and in a short time, she was busy eating.  他的眼镜盯着她得盘子，不一会她就忙着吃了起来
  - He fixed his eyes on the painting.  他的眼镜紧盯着那副画
- They are busy preparing for this evening's party.
- If you saw him now you wouldn't recognize him.
- Would he get annoyed if I told him about it?
- If I were you, I would probably tell him the truth.
- If it were not for you, I wouldn't do this.
- If I had known that, I wouldn't have supported him.
- He could have come if his car had not broken down on the road.
- It would have been different if you had helped.

# Do you call that a hat?

- rude  无礼的
- look at oneself in the mirror  照镜子
- hole  孔
- remark  评说
- remind  提醒
- lighthouse  灯塔
- What did the husband mean when he said to his wife "Do you call that a hat"?
  - She meant the hat didn't look like a hat, it look like a lighthouse.
- Why did the man regret saying that they mustn't buy things they didn't need?
  - Because he knew his wife could say the same thing about the tie that he had bought the day before.
- What did the wife say when her husband said that a man can never have too many ties?
  - She said "A woman can't have too many hats."
- 原文
  - "Do you call that a hat?" I said to my wife. "You needn't be so rude about it, " my wife answered as she looked at herself in the mirror. I sat down on one of those modern charis with holes in it and waited. We had been in the hat shop for half an hour and my wife was still in front of the mirror. "We musn't buy things we don't need, " I remarked suddenly. I regretted saying it almost at once. "You needn't have sait that, " my wife answered. "I needn't remind you of that terrible tie you bought yesterday, " "I find it beautiful, " I said. "A man can never have too many ties. " "And a woman can't have too many hats, " she answered. Ten minutes later we walked out of the shop together. My wife was wearing a hat that looked like a lighthouse!
- What do you call it in English?
- How do you say "Thank you " in Chinese.
- These pictures remind me of what I saw in a mountain village.  这些照片让我想起了在那个乡村看到的事情
- Please remind me to give back your key.  请提醒我把钥匙还给你
- One can never have too much money.  一个人有再多钱也不嫌多
- I can never have enough of ice-cream.  冰淇淋我怎么吃也不够
- Do I look like a liar?
- It looks like it's going to rain.

# Not very musical

- musical  精通音乐的
- square  广场
- snake charmer  耍蛇人
- pipe  （吹奏的）管乐器
- tune  曲调
- glimpse  一瞥
- movement  动作
- obviously  显然
- What did the tourists see at a square in Old Delhi?
  - The toursts saw a snake charmer with two large baskets.
- What did the snake do when the snake charmer began to play a tune with his long pipe?
  - The snake rose out of the basket and began to follow the movement of the pipe.
- Did the snake know the different between Indian music and jazz?
  - No, it didn't. Because when the snake charmer began to play jazz it continued to "dance" slowly.
- 原文
  - As we had had a long walk through one of the markets of Old Delhi, we stopped at a square to have a rest. After a time, we noticed a snake charmer with two large baskets at the other side of the square, so we went to have a look at him. As soon as he saw us, he picked up a long pipe which was covered with coins and opened one of the baskets. When he began to play a turne, we had our first glimpse of the snake. It rose out of the basket and began to follow the movement of the pipe. We were very much surprised when the snake charmer suddenly began to play jazz and modern pop songs. The snake, however, continued to "dance" slowly. It obviously could not tell the difference between Indian music and jazz!
-  As soon as he saw us, he picked up a long pipe which was covered with coins and opened one of the baskets.  他一看见我们，就拿起一个很长的镶有硬币的管乐器并打开了一个箩筐的盖子
- The mountain was covered with snow all the year around.  这座山常年被积雪所覆盖
- I caught a glimpse of our new neighbour.  我见过一眼我们的新邻居
- I can easliy tell that he's from the south.  我很容易就看得出他是南方人
- Can you tell the boy from his twin brother?  你能分清这个男孩和他的孪生兄弟有什么不同吗？
- Those two sailors had a fight in the bar last night.  这两个水手昨晚在酒吧打了一架
- I need to have a talk with you.
- They had a big quarrel over a small thing.  他们为了一件小事大吵了一架
- Can I have a try?

# Over the South Pole

- the South Pole  南极
- the North Pole  北极
- flight  飞行
- explorer  探险家
- lie(lay, lain)  处于
- crash  坠落，坠毁
- sack  袋子
- clear  越过
- plain  平原
- When did the American explorer, R.E.Byrd become the first man to fly over the South Pole?
  - In 1929, three years after this flight over the North Ploe.
- What trouble did Byrd run into during the flight?
  - The plain could not get over the mountains. At on point, it seemed certain that their plain would crash.
- What did Byrd order his men to do?
  - He order his men to throw out two heavy food sacks. The plain was then able to rise and it cleared the mountains by 400 feet.
- 原文
  - In 1929, three years after this flight over the North Ploe, the American exploer, R.E. Byrd, successfully flew over the South Pole for the first time. Though, at first, Byrd and his men were able to take a great many photographs of the mountains that lay below, they soon ran into serious trouble. At one point, it seemed certain that their plane would crash. It could only get over the mountains if it rose to 10000 feet. Byrd at once ordered his men to throw out two heavy food sacks. The plane was then able to rise and it cleared the mountains by 400 feet. Byrd now knew that he would be able to reach the South Pole which was 300 miles away, for there were no more mountains in sight. The aircraft was able to fly over the endless white plains without difficulty. 
- For the first time in my life I've got a flat of my own.  我平生第一次有了自己的房子
- I ran into an old friend of mine the other day.
- At this point he was interrupted.  在这个时刻他打断了
- You'll soon get over your shyness.  你很快就会克服羞心
- Have you got over your cold yet?  你的感冒好了没有？
- only...if...  只有...才...；不...除非...
  - I'll only tell you this if you promise to keep it a secret.
- I missed the train by five minutes.  我晚了5分钟错过了火车
- He diden't agree with me at first, but in the end I was able to persuade him.  他开始不同意我的意见，但最终我还是说服了他
- He was able to leave Europe before the war began.  他在战争以前得以离开了欧洲
- Will you be able to come tomorrow?
- I have not been able to go to work for three days.  我已经有三天没法去上班了

# Through the forest

- risk  危险，冒险
- picnic  野餐
- edge  边缘
- strap  带，皮带
- possession  所有
- be out of the breath  上气不接下气
- catch up with sb  赶上某人
- contents  内有物品
- mend  修理
- What did the two men try to do when Mrs. Sterling was having a picnic with her children at the edge of a forest?
  - The two men had rushed up to her and tried to steal her hadbag.
- What were the two thieves doing when Mrs. Sterling caught up with them?
  - They were going through the contents of the bag.
- What did the thieves do when Mrs. Sterling ran straight at them?
  - They dropped the bag and ran away.
- 原文
  - Mrs. Anne Sterling did not think of the risk she was taking when she ran through a forest after two men. They had rushed up to her while she was having a picnic at the edge of a forest with her children and tried to steal her hadbag. In the struggle, the strap broken and, with the bag in their possession, both men started running through the trees. Mrs. Sterling got so angry that she ran after them. She was soon out of breath, but she continued to run. When she caguht up with them, she saw that they had sat down and were going through the contents of the bag, so she ran straight at them. The men got such a fright that they dropped the bag and ran away. "The strap needs mending, " said Mrs. Sterling later, "but they did not steal anything." 
- Are you sure you want to take the risk?  你肯定你要冒这个风险吗？
- We'll take / run the risk of setting out in such a weather.  我们准备在这样的天气下冒险出发
- A man came up to me and asked to borrow the lighter.  一个男人向我靠近想借个打火机
- The property came into my possession last year.  去年这笔财产落入到我的名下
- How did you get possession of these documents?  你是怎么得到这些文件的？
- He took a deep breath.  他深深地吸了一口气
- Let me get my breath back.  让我喘口气
- He held his breath and listened.  他屏住呼吸听着
- He has gone through many hardships.  他经历过很多艰辛的事
- I hate to disturb you, but can I come in for a moment please?  我不想打搅你，但是我可以进来一会吗？
- I hate disturbing people when they are busy.  我不喜欢在别人忙的时候打搅别人

# A clear conscience

- conscience  良心，道德心
- a clear conscience  问下无愧
- butcher  屠户
- savings  存款
- villager  村民
- per cent (percent)  百分之...
- What did Sam Benton lose while taking his savings to the post office?
  - Sam Benton lost his wallet on his way to post office.
- What happened after three months passed?
  - After three months passed, Sam found his wallet outside his front door. It contained half the money he had lost, together with a note which said: "A thief, yes, but only 50 per cent a thief!"
- How did the thief pay back the money?
  - The thief return some more money each time and always include a note. the last note said: "I am 100 per cent honest now!"
- 原文
  - The whole village soon learnt that a large sum of money had been lost. Sam Benton, the local butcher, had lost his wallet while  taking his savings to the post office. Sam was were sure that the wallet must have been found by one of the villagers, but it was not returned to him. Three months passed, and then one morning, Sam found his wallet outside his front door. It had been  wrapped up in newspaper and it contained half the money he had lost, together with a note which said: "A thief, yes, but only 50 per cent a thief!" Two months later, some more money was sent to Sam with another note: "Only 25 per cent a thief now!" In time, all Sam's money was paid back in this way. The last note said: "I am 100 per cent honest now!"
- He is sure that his plan will work.  他肯定他的计划能成功
- He is not sure whether his plan will work or not.  他不能肯定他的计划是否能成功
- half the money = half of the money
  - 50 per cent a thief = 50 per cent of a thief
- He sold the house, together with the furniture.  他把房子卖了，连同他的家具
- John, together with his brother, has gone to the party.

# Expensive and uncomfortable

- unload  卸（货）
- account for  说明， 作出解释
- occur  发生
- be astonished at  对...感到非常吃惊
- pile  堆
- admit  承认
- confine  使局限于
- normal  正常的，通常的
- Where did the plane from London arrive and what the workers unload from it?
  - The plane from London arrived at Sydney airport, the workers unload from the plane a number of wooden boxes that contained clothing.
- What did the workers find when they opened up one of the boxes that was extremely heavy?
  - They found a man lying in the box on top of a pile of woollen goods.
- Why had the man had a long and uncomfortable trip? How much did he have to pay?
  - Because He had been confined to the wooden box for over eighteen hours. and he was ordered to pay $3500 for the cost of the trip. The normal price of ticket is $2000!
- 原文
  - When a plane from London arrived at Sydney airport, workers began to unload a number of wooden boxes which contained clothing. No one could account for the fact that one of boxes was extremely heavy. It suddenly occured to one of the workers to open up the box. He was astonished at what he found. A man was lying in the box on top of a pile of woollen goods. He was so surprised at being discovered that he did not even try to run away. After he was arrested, the man admitted hiding in the box before the pane left London. He had had a long and uncomfortable trip, for the had been confined to the wooden box for over eighteen hours. The man was ordered to pay $3500 for the cost of the trip. The normal price of a ticket is $2000!
- account for  解释，说明
- How do you account for all the accidents in series?  对这一连串的事故你怎么解释呢？
- I want you to account for each sum of the money you spent.  我要你说明你花掉的每一分钱
- This idea never occurred to me.  我从来没有想到过这个念头
- Did it ever occur to you that he might have done that?  你有没有想到过他也许做过那件事情
- He never admits that he is wrong.
- She was confined to bed with a cold.  她因为感冒而卧床休息
- He confined himself to five cigarettes a day.  他现在自己一天只抽五根烟
- It is rude to stare at people.  盯着人看不礼貌
- He has some important business to attend to.  他还有一些重要的事情要做
- She hasn't replied to my letter yet.  她还没有回我的信

# A thirsty ghost

- ghost  鬼魂
- haunt  来访，闹鬼
- suggest  暗示
- shake  摇动
- give away  赠送
- Why is Mr. Ian Thompson going to sell the pub he recently bought?
  - Because the pub is haunted.
- What did he hear one night and what did he find the next morning?
  - One night he heard a strange noise coming from the bar. the next morning he found that the dorrs had been blocked by hcairs and the furniture had been moved. he also found the lights on and five whisky botters were empty.
- Why doesn't Mr. Thompson believe what the writer told him?
  - Because he has been told by the villagers they will not accept the pub even if he gives away.
- 原文
  - A public house which was recently bought by Mr. Ian Thompson is up for sale. Mr. Thompson is going to sell it because it is haunted. He told me that he could not go to sleep one night because he heard a strange noise coming from the bar. The next morning, he found that the doors had been blocked by chairs and the furniture had been moved. Though Mr. Thompson had turned the lights off before he went to bed, they were on in the morning. He also said that he had found five empty whisky bottles which the ghost must have drunk the night before. When I suggested that some villagers must have come in for a free drink, Mr. Thompson shook his head. The villagers have told him that they will not accept the pub even if he gives away.
- You're lying! Your face gives you away. 你在撒谎，你脸上的表情说明了一切
- The thief give his companions away to the police.  这个小偷把他的同伴告发了

# Did you want to tell me something?

- pull out a tooth  拔掉一颗牙
- cotton wool  药棉
- nod  点头
- meanwhile  同时
- remove  拿走，除去
- According to the writer, when do dentist always ask questions?
  - Dentists alwasy ask questions when it is impossible for you answer.
- What did the writer do in answer to the dentist's questions?
  - He either nodded or made strange noises. because his mouth was full of cotton wool after the dentist pulled out one of his teeth.
- What did the writer tell him after the dentist at last removed the cotton wool from his mouth?
  - The writer told the dentist that he had pulled out the wrong tooth.
- 原文
  - Dentists always ask questions when it is impossible for you to answer. My dentist had just pulled out one of my teeth and had told me to rest for a while. I tried to say something, but my mouth was full of cotton wool. He knew I collected match boxes and asked me whether my collection was growing. He then asked me how my brother was and whether I liked my new job in London. In answer to these questions I either nodded or made strange noises. Meanwhile, my tongue was busy searching out the hole where the tooth had been. I suddenly felt very worried, but could not say anything. When the dentist at last removed the cotton wool from my mouth, I was able to tell him that he had pulled out the wrong tooth.
- I will call you, either this evening or tomorrow morning.
- meanwhile = at the same time
- The librarian finally searched out the book I wanted.  图书管理员最终找出了我需要的那本书
- removed the cotton wool from my mouth = took the cotton wool out of my mouth
- He has made progress.  他取得了进步
- You never do a job properly.  你没有一件事情干得像样的
- Why can't you make up your mind?  你为什么不能下决心
- Do me a favour, will you?  能帮我一个忙，好吗？
- Don't make such a noise.  别发出这样的声音
- You have just made a mistake.  你刚刚犯了一个错误
- He always does his best.  他总是尽他最大的努力

# The end of a dream

- tired  厌烦的
- spring  弹簧
- mattress  床垫
- a gust of wind  一阵大风
- sweep  扫，刮
- courtyard  院子
- smash  碰碎，摔碎
- miraculously  奇迹般地
- unhurt  没有受伤的
- glance  扫视
- promptly  迅速地
- What did a young man in Teheran buy for the first time in his life?
  - This young man bought a bed which had springs and a mattress.
- What happened on the third night?
  - A gust of wind swept the bed off the roof and sent it crashing into the courtyard below.
- What happened to the young man at the end of the story?
  - Although the bed was smashed to pieces, but the young man was miraculously unhurt.
- 原文
  - Tired of sleeping on the floor, a young man in Teheran saved up for years to buy a real bed. For the first time in his life, he became the pround owner of a bad which had springs and a mattress. Because the weather was very hot, he carried the bed on to the roof of his house. He slept very well for the first two nights, but on the third night, a storm blew up. A gust of wind swept the bed off the roof and sent it crashing into the courtyard below. The young man did not wake up until the bed had struck the ground. Although the bed was smashed to pieces, the man was miraculously unhurt. When he woke up, he was still on the mattress. Glancing at the bits of wood and metal that lay around him, the man sadly picked up the mattress and carried it into his house. After he had put it on the floor, he prompty went to sleep agin. 
- When one is tired of London, one is tired of life.  当你厌倦了伦敦，你也就厌倦了生活
- The cat jumped onto the chair.  这只猫跳上了椅子
- He stepped out of the train onto the platform.  他走下火车来到站台上
- The news sent him into a rage.  这个消息使他恼火
- The song sent the child to sleep.  这首歌使这个孩子睡着了
- He glanced at his watch.  他看了一眼表
- bits and pieces  零碎的东西

# Taken for a ride

- ride  旅行
- go on an excursion  作一次短距离的旅行
- conductor  售票员
- view  观看
- in that case  要是那样的话
- prefer  宁愿
- Where does the writer love traveling? Where did he want to go on an recent excursion?
  - The writer loves traveling in the country. He want to go to Woodford Green on an excursion recently.
- What did the writer realize when the bus stopped?
  - He realized with a shock that He was the only passger left on the bus.
- Why didn't the writer get off at Woodford Green?
  - Because the bus conductor forget to remind the writer to get off at Woodford Green.
- 原文
  - I love traveling in the country, but I don't like losing my way. I went on an excursion recently, but my trip took me longer than I expected. "I'm going to Woodford Green, " I said to the conductor as I got on the bus, "but I don't know where it is." "I'll tell you where to get off, " answered the conductor. I sat in the front of the bus to get a good view of the countryside. After some time, the bus stopped. Looking round, I realized with a shock that I was the only passger left on the bus. "You'll have to get off here, " the conductor said. This is as far as we go. "Is this Woodford Green?" I asked. "Oh dear, " said the conductor suddenly. "I forget to put you off. " "It doesn't matter, " I said. "I'll get off here. " "We're going back now, " said the conductor. "Well, in that case, I prefer to stay on the bus, " I answered. 
- The party was much less fun than I had expected.
- Please let us know when to start preparing.
- Can you show me how to use the fax machine?
- It was my first view of the ocean.  这是我第一次看到海
- The car turned the corner and disappered from our view.  汽车拐过一个角落就消失在视野中
- a room with a view.  可以看见风景的房间
- As far as I know  据我所知
- Please put me off at the next stop.  请在下一站让我下车
- In any case I'm going to take a chance.  不管怎么样，我都想试试运气

# Reward for virtue

- reward  奖赏
- virtue  美德
- diet  节食
- first of all  首先
- forbid (forbade, forbidden)  禁止
- hurriedly  匆忙地
- embarrassed  尴尬的
- guiltily  内疚地
- strict  严肃的
- occasionally  偶尔地
- obvious  明显的; 显而易见的
- What did Hugh do when he decided to go on a diet?
  - He wrote out a long list of all the foods which were forbidden.
- What did Hugh do when the writer entered his room?
  - He hurriedly hid a large parcel under his desk and it was obvious that he was very embarrassed.
- Why did Hugh say that he had to reward himself occasionally?
  - Because his diet was so strict.
- 原文
  - My friend, Hugh, had always been fat, but things got so bad recently that he decided to go on a diet. He began his diet a week ago. First of all, he wrote out a long list of all the foods which were forbidden. The list included most of the things Hugh loves: butter, potatoes, rice, beer, milk, chocolate, and sweets. Yesterday I paid him a visit. I rang the bell and was not surprised to see that Hugh was still as fat as ever. He led me into his room and hurriedly hid a large parcel under his desk. It was obvious that he was very embarrassed. When I asked him what he was doing, he smiled guiltily and then put the parcel on the desk. He explained that his diet was so strict that he had to reward himself occasionally. Then he showed me the contents of the parcel. It contained five large bars of chocolate and three bags of sweets!
-  My friend, Hugh, had always been fat, but things got so bad recently that he decided to go on a diet. 
  - ..., 但是最近他的情况越来越糟糕，所以他决定节食
- How are things going?  最近怎么样？
- The price includes the tax.  这价格包含了税
- The band played many songs, including some of my favourites.  这支乐队演奏了很多歌曲，其中有几首我最喜欢的
- It was obvious that he was very embarrassed. 
  - ed 结尾修饰人，ing修饰物
  - His question was very embarrassing.  
- a print of beer  一扎啤酒

# A pretty carpet

- carpet  地毯
- to make matters worse  更糟糕的是
- temporarily  暂时地
- inch  英寸
- floor space  地面空间
- gaze  凝视
- spare time  空闲
- Why is it not easy for the writer to get his new room in order?
  - Because he own over a thousand books.
- Given the fact that his room is rather small, what has the writer done with his books?
  - He has temporarily put all those books on the floor and at the moment, the cover every inch of floor space.
- What did the writer's sister say when she saw all those books on the floor?
  - She said "This is the prettiest carpet I have ever seen, You don't need bookcase at all. You can sit here in your spare time and read the carpet!"
- 原文
  - We have just moved into a new house and I have been working hard all morning. I have been trying to get my new room in order. This has not been easy because I own cover a thousand books. To make matters worse, the room is rather small, so I have temporarily put my books on the floor. At the moment, the over every inch of floor space and I actually have to walk on them to get in or out of the room. A short while ago, my sister helped me to carry one of my old bookcases up the staris. She went into my room and got a big surprise when she saw all those books on the floor. "This is the prettiest carpet I have ever seen, " she said. She gazed at it for some time then added, "You don't need bookcases at all. You can sit here in your spare time and read the carpet! " 
- It didn't take time him long to put the car in order.  他没花多少时间就把车修好了
- He's on the phone at the moment.  这会儿他正打着电话
- The town covers five square miles.  这个小镇占地5平方英里
- He gazed into her eyes.  他注视着她的眼睛
- You needn't be so rude about it.
- I need to talk to you.
- It hasn't rained for six weeks.  已经有六个星期没有下雨了
- It has been raining since yesterday and it is still raining.  从昨天开始就在下雨，现在还在下雨
- He has rung me up five times since 12 o'clcok.  从12点钟开始他已经给我打了5次电话了
- He has been ringing me up all morning.  他整个一上午都在给我打电话
- He has never stayed at this hotel before.
- He has been staying at this hotel for the last three weeks.

# Hot snake

- hot  带电的，充电的
- fireman (firemen)  消防队员
- cigarette end  烟头
- accidentally  意外地，偶然地
- remains  尸体，残骸
- electric wire  高压线
- volt  伏特
- power line  电力线
- solve the mystery  解谜
- snatch  抓住
- spark  电火花
- What are forest fires often caused by?
  - They are often caused by broken glass or by cigarette ends that people carlessly throw away.
- What led the fireman to discover the cause of fire?
  - The fireman noticed the remains of a snake which was wound round the eletric wires of a 16000-volte power line.
- What was the explanation?
  -  The explanation is a bird had snatched up the snake from the ground and then dropeed it on toll wires. The snake then wound itself round the wires. When it did so, it sent sparks down to the ground and these immediately started a fire.
- 原文
  - At last fireman have put out a big forest fire in California. Since then, they have been trying to find out how the fire began. Forest fires are often caused by broken glass or by cigarette ends which people carelessly throw away. Yesterday the fireman examined the ground carefully, but were not able to find any broken glass. They were also quite sure that a cigarette end did not start the fire. This morning, however, a fireman accidentally discovered the cause. He noticed the remains of a snake which was wound round the eletric wires of a 16000-volt power line. In this way, he was able to solve the mystery. The explanation was simple but very unusual. A bird had snatched up the snake from the ground and then dropped it on toll wires. The snake then wound itself round the wires. When it did so, it sent sparks down to the ground and these immediately started a fire.
- The heavy rain caused the flood.  大雨引发了洪水
- What caused his failure?  是什么导致了他的失败
- Do you know the man wearing glasses over there?
- The smoke started him coughing.  烟呛得得他咳嗽起来
- Clouds wind the mountains.  白云在山间飘动
- She wound her injured leg with a bandage.  他用绷带缠着受伤的腿

# Sticky fingers

- sticky  粘的
- pie (meat pie)  馅饼
- pasty  面糊
- annoying  恼人的
- receiver  电话的话筒
- dismayed  失望的，沮丧的
- persuade  说服，劝说
- mess  乱七八糟
- doorknob  门把手
- sign for  签收
- registered letter  挂号信
- What did the writer begin to make after she returned home from the shops?
  - She began to make some meat pies.
- What was the writer doing when the telephone rang?
  - She was mixing butter and flour and her hands were soon covered with sticky pasty.
- What happened right after the writer got back to the kitchen?
  - The doorbell rang and this postman who wanted to the writer sign for a registered letter.
- 原文
  - After breakfast, I sent the children to school and then I went to the shops. It was still early when I returned my home. The children were at shcool, my husband was at work and the house was quiet. So I decided to make some meat pies. In a short time I was very busy mixing butter and flour and my hands were soon covered with sticky pasty. At exactly that moment, the telephone rang. Nothing could have been more annoying. I packed up the receiver between two sticky fingers and was dismayed when I recogized the voice of Helen Bates. It took me ten minutes to persuade her to ring back later. At last I hung up the receiver. What a mess! There was pasty on my fingers, on the telephon, and on the doorknobs. I had no sooner got back to the kitchen then the doorbell rang loud enough to wake the dead. This time it was the postman and he wanted me to sign for a registered letter!
- He was dismayed at the price of the shoes.
- No one can persuade her to change for mind.  没有人能说服他改变主意
- no sooner...than...  一...就...
- I had no sooner got back to the kitchen than the doorbell rang loud enough to wake the dead.  我刚回到厨房门铃又响起了，那声音你能把死人都叫醒

# Not a gold mine 并非金矿

- gold mine  金矿
- lost treasure  失踪宝藏
- revealer  探测器
- invent  发明
- detect  探测
- bury  埋藏
- pirate  海盗
- be armed with  用...装备起来的
- party  一群人
- soil  泥土
- worthless  毫无价值的
- tin trunk  铁皮箱
- What has the machine "The Revealer" been used to do?
  - The machine has been used to detect gold which has been buried in the ground.
- Why did the search party go into a cave near the seashore?
  - Because it is said that where pirates used to hide gold.
- What did the party find after searching the whole cave thoroughly?
  - They only found a small gold coin which was almost worthless and an empty tin trunk.
- 原文
  - Dreams of finding lost treasure almost came true recently. A new machine called "The Revealer" has been invented and it has been used to detect gold which has been buried in the ground. The machine was used in a cave near the seashore where it is said pirates used to hide gold. The pirates would often bury gold in the cave and then fail to collect it. Armed with the new machine, a search party went into the cave hoping to find buried treasure. The leader of the party was examining the soil near the entrance to the cave when the machine showed that there was gold under the ground. Very excited, the party dug a hole two feet deep. They finally found a small gold coin which was almost worthless. The party then searched the whole cave thoroughly but did not find anything except an empty tin trunk. In spite of this, many people are confident that "The Revealer" may reveal something of value fairly soon.
- It is said that the house is haunted.
- The pirates would often bury gold in the cave and then fail to collect it.  海盗经常把金子埋藏在那个洞里，后来又没能取走
- fail to do sth  没能做某事
- The leader of the party was examining the soil near the entrance to the cave when the machine showed that there was gold under the ground.
  - 当探险队队长正在检查洞口附近的土壤是，那台机器显示它的下面埋有金子
- the entrance to the building  大楼的门口
- We played outside till sunset, when it began to rain.  我们在外面一直玩到天黑，这时候下起了雨
- In spite of this  尽管如此
- fairly, quite, rather, pretty, very  成都副词， 相当；从左到右语气逐渐加强
- The bed is fairly soft.  这床还算软
- He would sit for hours doing nothing.  他过去常常坐几个小时发呆
- When I was young I used to have a lot more free time than I do now, I used to live near my work and would always get home early. Sometimes I would do a bit of gardening or go for a long walk.

# Faster than sound

- excitement  激动的，兴奋
- wheel  轮子
- explosion  爆炸，轰响
- break down  出故障
- course  跑到，行程
- rival  对手
- downhill  下坡
- How often is a race held for old cars?
  - The race is held once a year. 
- Which was the most unusual car entering for the race?
  - The most unusual car was a Benz which had only three wheels. it built 1885 and it was the oldest car taking part.
- What speed did the winning car reach?
  - It reached a speed of forty miles an hour much faster than any of its rivals.
- What did the writer say about the old car race in comparison with modern car races?
  - He said "It was very different from modern car races but no less exciting."
- 原文
  - Once a year, a race is held for old cars. A lot of cars entered for this race last year and there was a great deal of excitement just before it began. One of the most handsome cars was a Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost. The most unusual car was a Benz which had only three wheels. Built in 1885, it was the oldest car taking part. After a great many lound explosions, the race began. Many of cars broken down on the course and some drivers spent more time under their cars than in them! A few cars, however, completed the race. The winning car reached a speed of forty miles an hour much faster than any of its rivals. It speed downhill at then end of the race and its driver had a lot of trouble trying to stop it. The race gave everyone a great deal of pleasure. It was very different from modern car races but no less exciting. 
- a handsome fortune  一笔可观的财产
- After a great many loud explosions, the race began.
- She broken down after he lost her son.  他失去儿子后精神崩溃了
- Stella broken down and wept.  Stella 控制不住地哭了起来
- He is driving at a speed of eighty miles an hour.
- You'll have to speed up if you want to finish your work by noontime.  如果你想在中午前完成工作你现在最好快一点
- I had a lot of difficulty trying to persuade her.  我费了好大的劲才说服了她
- The campus is different from how it was 20 years ago.  校园已经和20年前大不相同了
- She is feeling no better than yesterday.  他没有感觉比昨天好点
- We went no farther than the bridge.  我们到了桥那儿就没有再往前走
- She is not as intelligent as we think.  她没有我们想象的那么聪明
- There's nothing like a good night's sleep.  没有什么比睡个好觉更好的了

# Can I help you, madam?

- jeans  牛仔裤
- hesitate  犹豫，迟疑
- serve  接待
- scornfully  轻蔑地
- punish  惩罚
- fur coat  裘皮大衣
- seek out  找到，找出
- eager  热切的，热情的
- Why did the shop assistant glance at the woman scornfully and tell her that the dress was sold?
  - Because he did not like the way she was dressed. the woman was in jeans.
- How was the woman dressed when she returned to the same shop the following morning?
  - She was dressed in a fur coat, with a handbag in one hand and a long umbrella in the other.
- What did the woman make the assistant bring her?
  - She making him bring almost everything in the window before finally buying the dress she had first asked for.
- 原文
  - A woman in jeans stood at the window of an expensive shop. Though she hesitate for a moment, she finally went in and asked to see a dress that was in the window. The assistant who served her did not like the way she was dressed. Glancing at her scornfully, he told her that the dress was sold. The woman walked out of the shop angrily and decided to punish the assistant next day. She returned to the shop the following morning dressed in a fur coat, with a hanbag in one hand and a long umbrella in the other. After seeking out the rude assistant. She aksed for the same dress. Not realizing who she was, the assistant was eager to serve her this time. With great difficulty, he climbed into the shop window to get the dress. As soon as she saw it, the woman said she did not like it. She enjoyed herself making the assistant bring almost everything in the window before finally buying the dress she had first asked for. 
- the way she was dressed  = the way in which she was dressed  她的穿着打扮
- The way he educates his child is very effective.  他教育孩子的方式非常有效
- Have you seen the way he speaks to his father?  你有没有见过他和她父亲讲话的态度
- We'll discuss this in the following chapter.  关于这点我们在下一章讨论
- He always sleeps with the window open.  他睡觉的时候总是开着窗户
- He's very eager to learn.  他非常好学，他非常热爱学习
- The young man is very eager for success.  这位年轻人非常渴望成功
- The children enjoyed themselves running about the beach.  孩子们在海滩上跑来跑去很开心
- Don't make him do that if he doesn't want to.  别让他那么做如果他不想的话
- He was standing on a box, speaking to a crowd.  他站在箱子上，正在对一群人说话

# A blessing in disguise? 因祸得福

- blessing  福分，福气
- disguise  伪装
- a blessing in disguise  因祸得福，祸中得福
- tiny  极小的
- cursed  遭受了诅咒的
- evil reputation  坏名声
- claim  （灾难，事故）使某人失踪或死亡
- victim  受害者，牺牲品
- vicar  教区牧师
- source of income  财源
- tree-trunk  树干
- Why has the number of visitors to the village of Frinley increased?
  - Because the newspaper mentioned there was a cursed tree in the village.
- Why does this tree have an evil reputation?
  - Because it is said that if anyone touchs the tree, he will have bad luck; if he picks a leaf, he will die.
- Why has the vicar refused to have the tree cut down?
  - Because he thinks that the tree is a useful source of income, as tourists have been coming from all parts of the country to see it.
- What has ever happened to the tourists who have been picking leaves and cutting their names on the tree-trunk?
  - Nothing bad has ever happened to the tourisits. So far, not one of them has been struck down by sudden death.
- 原文
  - The tiny village of Frinley is said to possess a "cursed tree" Because the tree was mentioned in a newspaper, the number of visitors to Frinley has now increased. The tree was planted near the church fifty years ago, but it is only in recent years that it has gained an evil reputation. It is said that if anyone touchs the tree, he will have bad luck; if he picks a leaf, he will die. Many villagers believe that the tree has already claimed a number of victims. The vicar has been asked to have the tree cut down, but so far he has refused. He has pointed out that the tree is a useful source of income, as tourists have been coming from all parts of the country to see it. In spite of all that has been said, the tourists have been picking leaves and cutting their names on the tree-trunk. So far, not one of them has been struck down by sudden death!
- The earthquake claimed thousands of lives.  地震夺取了数以千计人的生命
- After the duke's death, his oldest son claimed the title.  公爵死后，他的长子要求继承爵位
- She claims ownership of the land.  她声称拥有这块土地的所有权
- She is going to have the house painted.  她打算叫人把屋子粉刷一遍
- I'd like to have these flowers sent to Room 202.  我想把这些花送到202号房间
- I've done all that has to be done.  我做了我该做的一切
- All I know is that he is an honest person.  据我说知他是一个诚实的人
- strike down  击倒，使死去
- He was struck down by a bus in the minddle of the street.
- He was struck down by pneumonia while in his twenties.
- It's he who has solved the problem for you.
- It was because of him that we succeeded.

# In or out?

- bark  狗叫
- press  按，压
- paw  脚爪
- latch  门闩
- expert  专家
- develop a habit  养成习惯
- remove  拆掉，取下
- annoyed  生气的，恼火的
- Why did the writer's husband spend weeks training the dog to open the front gate?
  - Because the dog sit outside the gate and bark until someone opened the gate. and the neighbours complained of the noise.
- What bad habit has the dog developed?
  - As soon as he into the garden and waits until the gate shuts. Then he sits and barks until someone let him out. After this he immediately lets himself in and begins barking again.
- What happened when the writer's husband removed the gate?
  - The dog got so annoyed and he run away and never come back.
- 原文
  - Our dog. Rex, used to sit outside our front gate and bark. Every time he wanted to come into the garden he would bark until someone opened the gate. As the neighbours complained of the noise, my husband spent weeks training him to press his paw on the latch to let himself in. Rex soon became an expert at opening the gate. However, when I was going out shopping last week, I noticed him in the garden near the gate. This time he was barking so that someone would let him out! Since then, he has developed another bad habit. As soon as he opens the gate from the outside, he comes into the garden and waits until the gate shuts. Then he sits and barks until someone let him out. After this he immediately lets himself in and begins barking again. Yesterday my husbadn removed the gate Rex got so annoyed we have not seen him since. 
- Every time I went back to my hometown I was surprised at the changes.
- He brought a present every time he came to visit us.
- The door was open so I let myself in.
- He let himself out thourgh the window.  他爬窗出来
- Please speak up so that the people sitting at the back can hear you.
- He was so excited he could not say nothing.
- We started out early in order to avoid traffic.  为了避免堵车，我们早早就出发了
- I moved to the front of the bus so as to get a good view of the countryside.
- He left the letter on the table in order that I might see it.

# The future

- fair  集市
- fortune-teller  算命人
- crystal ball  （占卜用的）水晶球
- relation  亲属
- intend  打算
- impatiently  不耐烦地
- Whom did the writer visit at a village fair?
  - He visited a fortune-teller called Madam Bellinsky.
- What did the fortune-teller do after the writer had given her some money?
  - She looked into a crystal ball.
- What did the fortune-teller tell the writer?
  - She told the writer that a relation of him is coming to see him. and stay fro a few days. She also said that as soon as he left the tent, a woman him knows well would rush towards him, speak to him and lead him away from the fair.
- Did what the fortune-teller said come true?
  - Yes, the writer's wife hurried towards him as soon he was outside. she told him that his sister was coming and they go to the station to meet her.
- 原文
  - At a village fair, I decided to visit a fortune-teller called Madam Bellinsky. I went into her tent and she told me to sit down. After I had given her some money, she looked into a crystal ball and said: "A relation of yours is coming to see you. She will be arriving this evening and intends to stay for a few days. The moment you leave this tent, you will get a big surprise. A woman you know well will rush towards you. She will speak to you and the she will lead you away from this place. That is all. " As soon as I went outside, I forget all about Madam Bellinsky because my wife hurried towards me. "Where have you been hiding? " she asked impatiently. "Your sister will be here in less than an hour and we must be at the station to meet her. We are late already. " As she walked away, I followed her out of the fair. 
- book fair  书展，图书博览会
- job fair  工作招聘会
- tarde fair  商品交易会
- The moment he got out of the room, we all burst into laughter.  他一走出屋子，我们就大笑起来
- He knew there was something wrong the moment he opened the door.  他一打开门就觉得有什么地方不对
- I followed the crowd into the hall.  我跟着人群进了大厅
- The dog followed us around the park.  这条狗跟着我们在公园到处走
- She will be graduating this July.  今年七月份她将毕业
- 主句 一般将来时，从句 一般现在时
  - If it rains tomorrow we will cancel the football match.
  - The moment you leave this tent, you will get a surprise.
  - I shall wait here until he comes.
  - I'll give him the message when he returns.
  - I'll join you after I finish my work.
  - He will write to his friends as soon as he gets there.

# Trouble with the Hubble

- the Hubble telescope  哈勃望远镜
- launch  发射
- NASA  美国国家航空和航天局
- billion  10亿
- faulty  有错误的
- astronaut  宇航员
- shuttle  航天飞机
- robot-arm  机器手
- grab  抓
- atomsphere  大气层
- galaxy  星系
- eagle eye  鹰眼
- When and by whom was the Hubble telescope launched?
  - The Hubble telescope was launched into space by NASA on April 20, 1990.
- What was the trouble with the Hubble from the start?
  - The trouble was the pictures the telescope sent us were very disappointing because its main mirror was faulty!
- How is NASA going to repair the telescope?
  - NASA is going to sending up four astronauts to the Hubble to though the shuttle Endeavour. A robot-arm from the Endeavour will grab the telescope and hold it while the astronauts make the necessary repairs.
- What will the Hubble tell us?
  - It tell us a great deal about the age and size of the universe. 
- 原文
  - The Hubble telescope was launched into space by NASA on April 20, 1990 at a cost of over a billion dollars. Right from the start there was trouble with the Hubble. The pictures it sent us were very disappointing because its main mirror was faulty! NASA is now going to put the telescope right, so it will soon be sending up four astronauts to repair it. The shuttle Endeavour will be taking the astronauts to the Hubble. A robot-arm from the Endeavour will grab the telescope and hold it while the astronauts make the necessary repairs. Of course, the Hubble is above the earth's atmosphere, so it will soon be sending us the clearest pictures of the starts and distant galaxies that we have ever seen. The Hubble will tell us a great deal about the age and size of the universe. By the time you read this, the Hubble's eagle eye will have sent us thousand and thouands of wonderful pictures. 
- He's on the phone right now.
- The ball hit the man right in the head.  球正打在他的头上
- He knows a great deal about plants.  他对植物很了解
- By the time read this, the Hubble's eagle eye will have sent us thousands and thousands of wonderful pictures.
  - 当你读到这篇文章的时候，哈勃望远镜已经为我们送来了成千上万的让人惊奇的照片
- He will have arrived by this time tomorrow.
- You will have received your exam results by next Monday.
- By the time we get there, he will have already left.

# After the fire

- get sth. under control  把...控制住
- desolate  荒凉的
- threaten  威胁
- destruction  破坏，毁灭
- authority  当局
- gress-seed  草仔
- spray  喷撒
- in huge quantities  大量地
- take root  生根，扎根
- in place of  代替
- patch  小片
- blackened  变黑的，发暗的
- How long did it take the fireman to get the forest fire under control?
  - It took them nearly three weeks.
- Why were the surrounding villages of the hills threatend with destruction?
  - Because heavey rain would not only wash away the soil but would cause serious floods as well.
- What did the forest authorities do after the fire had been put out?
  - They ordered serveral tons of special type of gress-seed which would grow quickly.
- What had begun to appear in the blackened soil in place of the great trees?
  - It's patches of green had begun to appear in the blackened soil.
- 原文
  - Fireman had been fighting the forest fire for nearly three weeks before they could get it under control. A short time before, great trees had covered the countryside for miles around. Now, smoke still rose up from the warm ground over the desolate hils. Winter was coming on and the hills threatened the surrounding villages with destruction, for heavy rain would not only wash away the soil but would cause serious floods as well. When the fire had at last been put out, the forest authorities ordered serveral tons of a special type of gress-seed which would grow quickly. The seed was sprayed over the ground in huge quantities by airplanes. The planes had been planting seed for nearly a month when it began to rain. By then, however, in many places the gress had already taken root. In place of the great trees which had been growing there for centuries, patches of green had begun to appear in the blackened soil. 
- Rain come on just before daybreak.  天快亮的时候开始下雨了
- I can feel a cold coming on.  我感觉到我快要感冒了
- Go and wash that filth off your hands.  去把你手上的脏东西洗掉
- These ink stains won't wash out.  这些墨水洗不掉

# She was not amused

- a large circle of friends  交际很广
- admire  赞美，钦佩
- sense of humour  幽默感
- wedding reception  婚礼
- sort  种类
- laugh at  嘲笑
- What do Jeremy's friends admire him for?
  - They admires him for his great sense of humour.
- What was Jeremy asked to do by one of his friends recently?
  - He was asked to make a speech at a wedding reception. the sort of thing that Jeremy loves.
- How did the speech go?
  - It was a great success, because he had included a large number of funny stories.
- Why hadn't Jenny enjoyed the speech?
  - Because she did not not like to see to many people laughing at her father.
- 原文
  - Jeremy Hampden has a large circle of friends and is very popular at parties. Everybody admires him for his great sense of humour everybody, that is, except his six-year-old daugther, Jenny. Recenty, one of Jeremy's closet friends asked him to make a speech at a wedding reception. This is the sort of thing that Jeremy loves. He prepared the speech carefully and went to the wedding with Jenny. He had included a large number of funny stories in the speech and, of course, it was a great success, As soon as he had finished. Jenny told him she wanted to go home. Jeremy was a little disappointed by this but he did as his daughter asked. On the way home, he asked Jenny if she had enjoyed the speech. To his surprise, she said she hadn't. Jeremy asked her why this was so and she told him that she did not like to see to many people laughing at him! 
- political circles  政界
- artistic circles  艺术圈
- financial circles  金融界
- academic circles  学术界
- He was admired for his courage to speak out the truth.  人人都钦佩他，因为他有勇气说出真相
- They critieized him for his rude manners.  大家都批评他，因为他的态度很无礼
- sense of shame  羞耻感
- sense of honour  荣誉感
- sense of duty  责任感
- sense of balance  平衡感
- sense of bearing  方向感
- people of every sort and kind  各种各样的人
- and that sort of thing  以及诸如此类的事情
- He is not my sort  他不是我喜欢的那种
- Nothing of the sort  根本没有那样的事情
- Everything's been sorted out  一切都解决了
- The other day I saw him chatting with a group of people at Starbucks.  前几天我看见他在星巴克和一群人聊天
- Did you hear someone crying out there in the garden last night?  昨天晚上，你有没有听到有人在花园哭
- I can feel my heart beating fast.  我能感觉到我的心脏跳得很快

# The Channel Tunnel

- serve as  用作...，充当...
- ventilate  通风
- sea level  海面
- put forward a plan  提出一个计划
- invasion  入侵，侵略
- officially  正式地
- the European continent  欧洲大陆
- What did the French enginner, Aime Thome de Gamond have a plan for?
  - He had a plan for a twenty-onemiles tunnel under the English Channel.
- Who put forward a better plan in 1860?
  - It was a Englishman call William Low.
- What did William Low suggest?
  - He suggested that a double railway-tunnel should be built. This would solve the problem of ventilation, fro it a train entered this tunnel, it would draw in fresh air behind it.
- When was the tunnel officially opened?
  - It was officially opened on March 7, 1994.
- 原文
  - In 1858, a French enginner, Aime Thome de Gamond, arrived in England with a plan for a twenty-one-miles tunnel under the English Channel. He said that it would be possible to build a platform in the centre of the Channel. This platform would serve as a port and a railway station. The tunnel would be well-ventilated if tall chimneys were built above sea level. In 1860, a better plan was put forward by an Englishman, William Low. He suggested that a double railway-tunnel should be built. This would solve the problem of ventilation, for if a train entered this tunnel, it would draw in fresh air behind it. Forty-two years for a tunnel was actually begun. If, at the time, the British had not feared invasion, it would have been completed. The world had to wait almost another 100 years for the Channel Tunnel. It was officially opened on March 7, 1994, finally connecting Britain to the Europen continent. 
- This sofa can serve for a bed.  这张沙发可以当床用
- Put you watch forward, you're five minutes slow.  把你的表拨快些，你的慢了5分钟
- He suggests we be there half an hour earlier.  他建议我们提前半小时到那里
- The new road will soon be opened to traffic.  这条新马路不久就可以通车了
- If I were in your position, I would act differently.
- If I had been in your position, I would have acted differently.
- He would have come if he had received the invitation.
- I could not have had that opportunity if I had not met you.  要是当初没有遇到你我就不会有那个机会

# Jumbo versus the police

- versus  对
- circus  马戏团
- accompany  陪伴
- approach  走进
- ought  应该
- fortunate  幸运的
- How did Jimmy Gates set off down the main street of the city?
  - He was dressed up a Father Christmas and accompanied by a "guard of honour" of six pretty girls, he set off down the main street of the city riding a baby elephant called Jumbo.
- What did a policeman tell Jimmy Gates?
  - He told Jimmy Gates he ought to have gone along a side street, because Jumbo was holding up the traffic.
- Did Jumbo move off the main street himself?
  - No, of course not. He was refused to move, Fifteen policeman had to push very hard to get him off the main street.
- 原文
  - Last Christmas, the circus owner, Jimmy Gates, decided to take the some presents to a children's hospital. Dressed up a Father Christmas and accompanied by a "guard of honour" of six pretty girls, he set off down the main street of the city riding a baby elephant called Jumbo. He should have know that the police would never allow this sort of thing. A policeman aprroach Jimmy and told him he ought to have gone along a side street as Jumbo was holding up the traffic. Though Jimmy agreed to go at once, Jumbo refused to move. Fifteen policeman had to push very hard to get him off the main street. The police had a difficult time, but they were most amused. "Jumbo must weigh a few tons, " said a policeman afterwards, "so it was fortunate that we didn't have to carry him. Of course, we should arrest him, but as he was a good record, we shall let him off this time. "
- He dressed up as a pig.  他装扮成一头猪
- set off  出发
- Dan set off down the mountain to find help.  丹开始爬下山去寻求帮助
- hold up  阻碍
- The whole thing was held up about half an hour.  真个事情中断了差不多半个小时
- He should have known that the police would never allow this sort of thing.  他本来应该知道警察是绝对不会允许这种事情的
- Look at the trouble you get yourself in now. You should have listened to me.  你看看你现在惹了多大的麻烦吧，你早该听我的话
- It ought to be the postman at the door.  门口的应该是邮递员了
- You ought to listen to your parents.  你应该听父母的话
- Should I give him a call when I hear the nows?  我要是听到这个消息是不是应该打电话告诉他？
- You shouldn't be so impatient with child.  你不应该对孩子这么不耐烦

# Sweet as honey!

- bomber  轰炸机
- remote  偏僻的
- Pacific  太平洋
- damage  毁坏
- wreck  残骸
- rediscover  重新发现
- aerial  航空的
- survey  调查
- rescue  营救
- package  把...打包
- enthusiast  热心人
- restore  修复
- imagine  想象
- packing case  包装箱
- colony  群
- hive  蜂房
- preserve  保护
- beeswax  蜂蜡
- When and where did a Lancaster bomber crash?
  - It crashed on Wallis Island in 1963.
- What did the French authorities do to the plane in 1989?
  - The French authorities had the plane packed and moved in parts back to France.
- Why is it not necessary to rebuild the fourth Rolls-Royee Merlin engine?
  - It is becuase it had been turned the engined into a hive and it was totally preserved in beeswax! 
- 原文
  - In 1963 a Lancaster bomber crashed on Wallis Island, a remote place in the South Pacific, a long way west of Samoa. The plane wasn't too badly damaged, but over the years, the creash was forgotten and the wreck remained undisturbed. The in 1989, twenty-six years after the crash, the plane was accidentally rediscovered in an aerial survey of the island. By this time, a Lancaster bomber in reasonable condition was rare and worth rescuing. The French authorities had the plane packed and moved in parts back to France. Now a group of enthusiasts are going to have the plane restored. It has four Rolls-Royee Merlin engines, but the group will need to have only three of them rebuilt. Imagine their surprise and delight when they broke open the packing cases and found that the fourth engine was sweet as honey still in perfact condition. A colony of bees had turned the engine into a hive and it was totally preserved in beeswax!
- western  在...的西部
  - The sun began to turn crimson on the wastern horizon.  在西方的地平线上太阳开始变成深红色
  - I've just had four years in Western Nigeria.  我刚在西尼日威亚度过了四年的时光
  - the impact of wastern technology.  西方技术的影响
  - western-style housing.  西方建筑的风格
- westerner  出生在西方或西部的人
  - We found ourselves in a swirl of Westerners and Chinese.  我们发现自己置身于一大群西方人和中国人当中
- westernize  使...西化
- This film is really worth seeing.  这部电影值得看一看
- It is worth pausing to consider his words.  他的话值得我们停下来想一想
- I doubt that it was worth working so hard.  我很怀疑这件事情是否值得我们这样努力的去做
- a colony of bees  一窝蜂群
- a brood of chickens  一窝小鸡
- a herd of cattle  一群牛
- a clusters of ants  一群蚂蚁
- a pack of hounds  一群猎狗
- a flock of birds  一群飞鸟
- a swarm of bees  一群蜜蜂
- I washed my car.  我洗了我的车
- My car was washed.  我的车洗过了
- I had my car washed.  我让人把我的车洗了
- I'm going to clean my suit.  我准备洗我的外套了
- All my suits are cleaned in that laundry.  我所有的外套都是在那家店洗的
- I'm going to have my suit cleaned.  我要找个人把我的外套给洗了

# Volcanoes 火山

- volcano  火山
- Congo  刚果
- erupt  （火山）喷发
- violently  猛烈地，剧烈地
- manage  设法
- brilliant  精彩的
- liquid  液态的
- escape  逃脱
- Where did Tazieff go in 1948 and what for?
  - He went to Lake Kivu in the Gongo to observe a new volcano.
- Where did he set up his camp and what did he manage to do?
  - He set up his camp very close to the volcano and managed to take a number of brilliant photographs.
- What did he manage to do two days later when he returned to the site?
  - This time ,he managed to climb into the mouth of Kituro so that he could take photographs and measure temperatures.
- 原文
  - Haroun Tazieff, the Polish scientist, has spent his lifetime studying active volcanoes and deep caves in all parts of the world. In 1948, he went to Lake Kivu in the Gongo to observe a new volcano which he later named Kituro. Tazieff was able to set up his camp very close to the volcano while it was erupting violently. Though he managed to take a number of brilliant photographs, he could not stay near the volcano for very long. He noticed that a river of liquid rock was coming towards him. It threatend to surround him completely, but Tazieff managed to escape just in time. He waited until the volcano became quiet and he was able to return two days later. This time, he managed to climb into the mouth of Kituro so that he could take photographs and measure temperatures. Tazieff has often risked his life in this way. He has been able to tell us more about active volcanoes than any man alive. 
- She woke early, meaning to spend all day writing.  她起的很早，打算一整天都用来写作
- He spent a lot of effort organizing that trip.  他花了很多精力来组织那次旅行
- Whenever I go there I get urge to spend.  无论我何时去那里，都会有一种花钱的冲动
- It threatened to surround him completely, but Tazieff managed to escape just in time.  眼看就要把他团团围住了，但是Tazieff还是设法及时逃脱了
- He threatened to resign.  他威胁要辞职
- She threatened that she would leave home.  她威胁他要离家出走
- We arrived just in time.  我们刚好及时赶到
- He returned to his hotel in time for a late supper.  他回到旅馆时，正好赶上了吃完饭
- She had risked her life to help save mine.  她曾经冒着生命危险救了一命

# Persistent

- persistent  坚持
- avoid  避开
- insist  坚持做
- Why did the author never enjoy meeting Nigel?
  - Because he never has anything to do, and always insists on coming with you.
- What was Nigel wondering?
  - He was wondering how to spend the morning.
- Why did the author lie?
  - She lies she was going to the dentist, because she want to preventing Nigel from following her around all morning.
- 原文
  - I crossed the street to avoid meeting him, but he saw me and came running towards me. It was no use pretending that I had not seen him, so I waved to him. I never enjoy meeting Nigel Dykens. He never has anything to do. No matter how busy you are, he always insists on coming with you. I had to think of a way of preventing him from following me around all morning. 'Hello, Nigel, ' I said. 'Fancy meeting you here!' 'Hi, Elizabeth,' Nigel answerd. 'I was just wondering how to spend the morning until I saw you.' You're not busy doing anything, are you? 'No, not at all,' I answered. 'I'm going to...', 'Would you mind my coming with you?' he asked, before I had finished speaking. 'Not at all, ' I lied, 'but I'm going to the dentist, ' 'Then I'll come with you, ' he answered. 'There's always plenty to read in the waiting room!' 
- I told him to report to me after the job was completed, no matter how late it was.  我告诉他工作完了要向我汇报，无论多晚都要
- Brown shirts are never smart, no matter who's wearing them.  棕色的衬衣总是不好看，无论谁穿都一样
- Most universities insisted on an interview before they accpet a student.  大多数学校在招一个学生之前都坚持要做一个面试
- I insisted on a contract that gave me some sort of security.  我坚持要一份能给我安全感的合同
- My only idea was to prevent him from speaking.  我唯一的想法是阻止他说话
- Fancy meeting you here!  想不到在这里能碰见你
- She dreads getting old. 她害怕变老

# But not murber!

- murder  谋杀
- instruct  命令，指示
- acquire  取得，获得
- condidence  信心
- examiner  主考人
- suppose  假设
- tap  轻敲
- react  反应
- brake  刹车
- pedal  踏板
- mournful  悲哀的
- When did the author begin to acquire confidence and why?
  - He begin to acquire confidence after he was instructed to drive out of town, because he has successfully driven in heavy traffic.
- What was the last thing the author was asked to do by the examiner?
  - The last thing was to raact immediately supposing that a child suddenly crosses the road in front of him.
- Did the author run over a child in the end?
  - No, he didn't. but, he fail to react immediately when the exmainer tapped on the window loundly.
- 原文
  - I was being tested for a driving license for the third time, I had been asked to drive in heavy traffic and had done so successfully. After having been instructed to drive out of town, I began to acquire confidence. Sure that I had passed, I was almost beginning to enjoy my test. The examiner must have been pleased with my performance, for he smiled and said, 'Just one more thing, Mr.Eames. Let us suppose that a child suddenly crosses the road in front of you. As soon as I tap on the window, you must stop within five feet.' I continued driving and after some time, the examiner tapped loundly, Though the sound could be heard clearly, it took me a long time to react. I suddenly pressed the brake pedal heard and we were both thrown forward. The examiner looked at me sadly. 'Mr. Eames, ' he said, in a mournful voice, 'you have just killed that child!' 

# Red for danger

- bullfight  斗牛
- drunk  醉汉
- wander  溜达，乱走
- ring  圆形竞技场地
- unaware  不知道的，未察觉的
- bull  公牛
- matador  斗牛士
- remark  评论，言语
- apparently  明显地
- sensitive  敏感的
- criticism  批评
- charge  冲上去
- clumsily  笨拙地
- bow  鞠躬
- safety  安全地带
- sympathetically  同情地
- Why did the crowd begin to shout during a bullfight?
  - Because a drunk suddently wandered into the minddle of the ring.
- What made the bull forget about the matador?
  - The drunk was shouting rude remarks and waving a red cap.
- What happened to the drunk in the end?
  - He was dragged to safety by three man.
- 原文
  - During a bullfight, a drunk suddently wandered into the middle of the ring. The crowd began to shout, but the drunk was unaware of the danger. The bull was busy with the matador at the time, but it suddently caught sight of the drunk who was shouting rude remarks and waving a red cap. Apparently sensitive to criticism, the bull forgot all about the matador and charged at the drunk. The crowd suddently grew quiet. The drunk, however, seemed quite sure of himself. When the bull got close to him, he clumsily stepped aside to let it pass. The crowd broke into cheers and the drunk bowed. By this time, however, three man had come into the ring and they quickly dragged the drunk to safety. Even the bull seemed to feel sorry for him, for it looked on sympathetically until the drunk was out of the way before once more turning its attention to the matador.
- volleyball / basketball / tennis / badminton court  排球场、篮球场、网球场、羽毛球场
- football / baseball / softball  field  足球场、棒球场、垒球场
- She seemed quite unaware of the other sitting around her.  他似乎对坐在他身边的人没有察觉
- He was aware that he had drunk too much whisky.  他知道他自己喝了很多威士忌
- I caught sight of an old friend of mine in the middle of the crowd.  我从一大群人中，突然看见了一个老朋友
- We mustn't get so bogged down by detail that we lose sight of our main objectives.  我们不应该拘泥于细节，而丢失了我们的主要目标
- Bal was so confident, so sure of himself.  Bal总是那么自信，那么对自己有把握
- She's not so sure of herself these days.  这些日子她显得不太自信

# A famous clock

- parliament  议会，国会
- erect  建起
- accurate  准确的
- official  官员，行政人员
- observatory  天文台
- microphone  扩音器，麦克风
- tower  塔
- Why is Big Ben so named?
  - It takes its name from Sir Benjamin Hall who was responsible ofr the making of the clock
- Why is Big Ben extremely accurate?
  - Because Officials from Greenwich Observatory have the clock checked twice a day.
- Why did Big Ben fail to give the correct time once?
  - A painter who had been working on the tower hung a pot of paint on one of the hands and slowed it down!
- 原文
  - When you visit London, one of the first things you will see is Big Ben, the famous clock which can be heard all over the world on he B.B.C. If the Houses of Parliament had not been burned down in 1834, the great clock would never have been erected. Big Ben takes its name from Sir Benjamin Hall who was responsible for the making of the clock when the new Houses of Parliament were being built. It is not only of immense size, but is extremely accurate as well. Officials from Greenwich Observatory have the clock checked twice a day. On the B.B.C. you can hear the clock when it is actually striking because microphones are connected to the clock tower. Big Ben has rarely gone wrong. Once, however, it failed to give the correct time. A painter who had been working on the tower hung a pot of paint on one of the hands and slowed it down! 
- The mountain is of great height.  那座山很高
- The lake is of huge size.  那个湖很大
- Chimps not only use tools but make them.  黑猩猩不仅使用工具还会制造工具
- Not only are you funny, but you're actually witty as well.  你不仅挺有趣的，而且还很机智
- I'll have my hair cut.  我要去剪头发了
- She had take kitchen cleaned.  她请人把厨房打扫了

# A car called Bluebird

- racing  竞赛
- per  每
- horsepower  马力
- burst  爆裂
- average  平均的
- footstep  足迹
- When and where did Sir Malcolm Campbell set up a new world record?
  - He set up a new world record in September 1935 in Utah.
- Why did Campbell have great difficulty in controlling the car?
  - Because a tyre burst during the first run.
- What did Campbell's son do many years later?
  - His son, Donald, also set up a world record. Like his father, he was driving a car called Bluebird.
- 原文
  - The great racing driver. Sir Malcolm Campbell, was the first man to drive at over 300 miles per hour. He set up a new world record in September 1935 at Bonnevile Salt Rats, Utah. Bluebird, the car he was driving, had been specially built for him. It was over 30 feet in length and had a 2500-horsepower engine. Although Cambell reached a speed of over 304 miles per hour, he had great difficulty in controlling the car because a tyre burst during the first run. After his attempt, Cambell was disappointed to learn that his average speed had been 299 miles per hour. However, a few days later, he was told that a mistake had been made. His average speed had been 301 miles per hour. Since that time, racing drivers have reached speeds over 600 miles an hour. Following in his father's footsteps many years later. Sir Malcolm's son, Donald, also set up a world record. Like his father, he was driving a car called Bluebird. 
- The goverment announced that they were seting up an inquiry into the affair.  政府声称他们对这件事正在展开调查
- The answer must have disappointed him.  这个回答肯定让他失望了
- The father was discouraged by disappointing progress of his son.  他儿子令人失望的进步让他感到沮丧
- To my disappointment, she came with her mother.  让我感到失望的是她和她的目前一块来的

# The record-holder

- play truant  逃学
- unimaginative  缺乏想象力
- shame  惭愧，羞耻
- evade  逃避，逃离
- hitchhike  搭便车旅行
- in the meantime  与此同时
- lorry  卡车
- border  边界
- How far did the boy travel while playing truant?
  - He travelled 1600 miles while playing truant.
- Where did he go first and how did he get there?
  - He first went to get there by hitchhiked.
- Where was he when he woke up the next morning?
  - When he woke up the next morning, he was already in Calais
- How did he get back to England in the end?
  - He was picked up by a policeman and sent to England by the local authorities.
- 原文
  - Children who play truant from school are unimaginative. A quite day's fishing, or eight hours in a cinema seeing the same film over and over again, is usually as far as they get. They are all been put to shame by a boy who, while playing truant, travelled 1600 miles. He hitchhiked to Dover and, towards evening, went into a boat to find somewhere to sleep. When he woke up next morning. he discovered that the boat had, in the meantime, travelled to Calais. No one noticed the boy as he crept off. From there, he hitchhiked to Paris in a lorry. The driver gave him a few biscuits and a cup of coffee and left him just outside the city. The next car the boy stopped did not him into the centre of Paris as he hoped it would, but to Perpignan on French-Spanish border. Then he was picked up by a policeman and sent to England by the local authorities. He has surely set up a record for the thousands of children who dream of evading school.
- I might get my brother to come and pick me up.  我可能会让我的兄弟来接我
- He was picked up by goverment agents for questing.  他被政府带走谈话

# Out of the limelight 舞台之外

- limelight  舞台灯光
- precaution  预防措施
- disguise  伪装，化装
- fan  狂热者，迷
- shady  遮阴的
- sheriff  司法长官
- sneer  冷笑
- Where did the bus stop and who got off?
  - The bus stooped by a dry river bed and a party of famous actors and actress got off.
- How were the actors and actresses dressed and why had they dressed like this?
  - They are dressed in dark glasses and old clothes, because they didn't want to recognize.
- What did they plan to do by that dry river bed?
  - They plan to have picnic.
- Did they have their picnic at that shady spot in the bed? Why/Why not?
  - No, they didn't. because a sheriff appeared and order them to move out immediately.
- 原文
  - An ancient bus stopped by a dry river bed and a party of famous actors and actress got off. Dressed in dark glasses and old clothes, they had taken special precautions so that no one should recognize them. But as they soon discovered, disguises can sometimes be too perfect. This is a wonderful place for a picnic. said Gloria Gleam. 'It's couldn't be better, Gloria, ' Brinksley Meers agreed. 'No newspaper men, no film fans! Why don't we come more often?' Meanwhile, two other actors, Rockwall Slinger and Merlin Greeves, had carried two large food baskets to a shady spot under some trees. When they had all made themselves comfortable, a stranger appeared. He looked very angry. 'Now you get out of here. all of you!' he shouted. 'I'm sheriff here. Do you see that notice? It's says "No Camping"  - in case you can't read! ' 'Look, sheriff, ' said Rockwall, 'don't be too hard on us. I'm Rockwall Slinger and this is Merlin Greeves.' 'Oh, is it?' said the sheiff with a sneer. 'Well, I'm Brinksley Meers, and my other name is Gloria Gleam. Now you get out of here fast!' 
- prince  王子
- princess  公主
- She arrived at the party, dressed to kill as usual. 她来到了晚会，像往常一样打扮得花枝招展。
- He has to earn lots of money so that he can buy his children nice food and clothes.  他得挣很多钱，这样才能让孩子吃好穿好
- in case you can't read!  除非你们根本就不识字
- I felt as if I had known her all my life.  虚拟语气，我觉得我已经认识她一辈子了  实际没有
- I had meant to warn you but you just didn't give me a chance to talk.  我本来是想警告你的，但是你根据没有给我说话的机会

# SOS

- thick  厚的
- signal  信号
- stamp  跺，踩
- helicopter  直升飞机
- scene  现场
- rescue  救助
- survivor  幸存者
- When and where did the plane crash and what happened to the pilot?
  - The plane crashed some time ago in the mountains, and pliot was killed.
- What happened to the passengers?
  - The passengers were unhurt.
- How did the woman and her baby daughters spend the night?
  - The two baby girls slept inside a sutcase, the woman kept as close as possible to them.
- How did the woman get help early next morning?
  - She stamped out the letters 'SOS' in the snow.
- 原文
  - When a light passenger plane flew off course some time ago, it crashed in the mountains and its pilot was killed. The only passengers, a young woman and her two baby daughters, were unhurt. It was the middle of winter. Snow lay thick on the ground. The woman knew that the nearest village was miles away. When it grew dark, she truned a sutcase into a bed and put children inside it. covering them with all the clothes she could find. During the night, it got terribly cold. The woman kept as near as she could to the children and even tried to get into the case herself, but it was too small. Early next morning, she heard planes passing overhead and wondered how she could send a signal. Then she had an idea. She stamped out the letters 'SOS' in the snow. Fortunately, a pilot saw the signal and sent a message by radio to the nearest town. It was not long before a helicopter arrived on the scene to rescue the survivors of the plane crash. 
- flyovers  天桥
- hand signals  手势
- passers-by  过路人
- mothers-in-law  岳母
- men friends  男性朋友
- women doctors  女医生

# April Fool's Day

- bulletion  新闻简报
- announcer  播音员
- macaroni  通心粉，通心面
- leading  主要的
- grower  种植者
- splendid  极好的
- stalk  梗
- gather  收庄稼
- thresh  打（庄稼）
- process  加工
- present  目前的
- champion  冠军
- studio  播音室
- What is grown in Calabria and how long has it been grown there?
  - Macaroni is grown in the area  and it has been grown there for over six hundred years.
- What are two of the leading growers expecting?
  - They are expecting a splendid crop.
- Why has the whole village been working day and night?
  - Because they want to finish gathering and threshing crop before the September rains.
- What will happen at the end of the harvest and who is Signor Fratelli?
  - At the end of the harvest they are will be the Calabrian macaroni-eating competition and Signor Fratelli is the present champion.
- 原文
  - 'To end our special news bulletin ' said the voice of the television announcer, 'we're going over to the macaroni fields of Calabria. Macaroni has been grown in this area for over six hundred years. Two of the leading growers, Giuseppe Moldova and Riccardo Brabante, tell me that they have been expecting s splendid crop this year and harvesting has begun earlier than usual. Here you can see two workers who, between them, have just finished cutting three cartloads of golden brown macaroni stalks. The whole village has been working day and night gathering and threshing this year's crop before the September rains. On the right, you can see Mrs. Brabante herself. She has been helping her husband for thirty years now. Mrs. Brabante is talking to the manager of the local factory where the crop is processed. This last scene shows you what will happen at the end of the harvest: the famous Calabrian macaroni-eating competition! Signor Fratelli, the present champion, has won it every year since 1991. And that ends our special bulletin for today, Thursday, April 1st. We're now going back to the studio.'
- She played the leading role in The Winter's Tale.  她在《冬天》这部剧中扮演主要角色
- Ford and Chrysler lost more than $700 million between them. Ford和Chrysler一共损失了超过700万元

# A successful operation

- mummy  木乃伊
- Egyptian  埃及的
- temple  庙
- mark  斑点
- plate  （照相）底片
- disease  疾病
- last  持续
- prove  显示出
- resin  树脂
- section  切片
- figure  （人的）体形，人像
- normally  通常地
- survive  辛免于
- What has happened to the mummy of Egyptian woman recently?
  - The mummy of Egyptian woman has just had an operation.
- Why did the doctors decide to operate on this mummy?
  - Because there were strange marks on the X-ray plates taken of the mummy. the only way to find out whether the mummy died of a rare disase is to operate.
- What did the doctors find during the operation?
  - They find a small was figured the god Duamutef inside the mummy.
- Did the mummy survive the operation?
  - Yes, she did. 
- 原文
  - The mummy of an Egyptian woman who died in 800 B.C. has just had an operation. The mummy is that of Shepenmut who was once a singer in the Temple of Thebes. As there were strange marks on the X-ray plates taken of the mummy, doctors have been trying to find out whether the woman died of a rare disase. The only way to do this was to operate. The operation, which lasted for over four hours, proved to be very difficult because of the end hard resin which covered the skin. The doctors removed a section of the mummy and sent it to a laboratory. They also found something which the X-ray plates did not show: a small was figured the god Duamutef. This god which has the head of a cow was normally pleaced inside a mummy. The doctor have not yet decided how the woman died. They feared that the mummy would fall to pieces when they cut it open, but fortunately this has not happened. The mummy successfully survived the operation. 
- I'm dying of thirst.  我快渴死了
- It isn't dark yet.  天还没有黑

# The last one?

- entitle  以...为名
- calm 使镇定
- nerve  神经
- concentration  集中，专心
- suffer  受苦，受害
- symptom  症状
- temper  脾气
- appetitle  胃口，食欲
- produce  拿出
- urge  怂恿
- statisfaction  满足，满意
- delighted  欣喜的
- What did the author do after reading an article entitled 'Cigarette somking and your health'?
  - He lit a cigarette to calm his nerves.
- Why did his wife suffer during the week when he did not smoke?
  - Because He had all the usual symptoms of someone giveing up somking.
- What did his friends do during that week?
  - They kept on offering him cigarette and cigars, and they were amusement when him produced a packet of sweets from his pocket.
- What happened at the party?
  - The author finally accept a cigarette and his wife was delighted about that.
- 原文
  - After reading an article entitled 'Cigarette Smoking and Your Health' I lit a cigratte to calm my nerves. I smoked with concentration and pleasure as I was sure that this would be my last cigartte. For a whole week I did not smoke at all and during this time, my wife suffered terrrbly. I had all the usual symptoms of someone giving up smoking: a bad temper and an enormous appetitle. My friends kept on offering me cigarette and cigars. They made no effort to hide their amusement whenever I produced a packet of sweets from my pocket. After seven days of this I went to party. Everybody around me was smoking and I felt extremely uncomfortable. When my old friend Brian urged me to accept a cigarette. it was more than I could  bear. I took one guiltily, lit it and somked with satisfaction. My wife was delighted that things had returned to normal once more. Anyway, as Brian pointed out, it is the easiest thing in the world to give up somking. He himself has done it lots of times!

# By air

- flight attendant  空中乘务员
- frightended  害怕，担惊
- bomb  炸弹
- plant  安放
- Why did the author travel a lot when he was a boy?
  - Because His parents live in South America and he fly there from Europe in the holidays.
- Who would take charge of him?
  - A flight attendant would take charge of him.
- On once occasion, what did the plane suddenly do not long after taking off?
  - The plane suddenly turn round and flew back to the airport.
- Why did the plane fly back to the airport?
  - Because therewas a very important  person on board that a bomb had been planted on the plane.
- 原文
  - I used to travel by air a great deal when I was a boy. My parents used to live in South America and I used to fly there from Europe in the holidays. A flight attendant would take charge of me and I never had an unpleasant experience. I am used to travelling by air and only on one occasion have I ever felt frightended. After taking off, we were flying low over the city and slowly gaining height, when the plane suddenly turned round and flew back to the airport. While we were waiting to land, a flight attendent told us to keep calm and to get off the plane quietly as soon as it had touched down. Everybody on board was worried and we were curious to find out what had happened. Later we learnt that there was a very important person on board. The police had been told that a bomb had been planted on the plane. After we had landed, the plane was searched thoroughly. Fortunately, nothing was found and five hours later we were able to take off again.
- take charge of  照看
- In the nursery, a nurse is in charge of serveral babies.  在这家托儿所，一个护士同时要照看几个婴儿。
- take off  起飞
- gain height  上升
- land  降落
- get off the plane  下飞机
- touch down  着陆
- on board  在飞机上

# The Crystal Palace  水晶宫

- palace  宫殿
- extraordinary  不平常的
- exhibition  展览
- iron  铁
- various  各种各样的
- machinery  机器
- steam  蒸汽
- profit  利润
- college  学院
- Where was the Crystal Palace built and for what purpose?
  - The Crystal Palace built in Hyde Park for the Great Exhibition of 1851.
- What made the Crystal Palace different from all other buildings in the world?
  - It is made of iron and glass, and it was one of the biggest buildings of all time.
- How many visitors came to the Great Exhibition?
  - All together about six million visitors came to the Great Exhibition.
- What happened to the Grystal Palace later?
  - It was moved to South London, and was burnt down in 1936.
- 原文
  - Perhaps the most extraordinary building of the nineteenth century was the Crystal Palace, which was built in Hyde Park for the Great Exhibition of 1851. They Crystal Palace was different from all the other buildings in the world, for it was made of iron and  glass. It was one of the biggest buildings of all time and a lot of people from many countries came to see it. A great many goods were sent to the exhibition from various parts of the world. There was also a great deal of machinery on display. The most wonderful piece of machinery on show was Nasmyth's steam hammer. Though in those days, travelling was not as easy as it is today, steam boats carried thousands of visitors across the Channel from Europe. On arriving in England, they were taken to the Crystal Palace by train. There were six million visitors in all, and the profits from the exhibition were used to build museums and colleges. Later, the Crystal Palace was moved to South London. It remained one of the most famous buildings in the world until it was burnt down in 1936.

# Escape

- prisoner  囚犯
- bush  灌木丛
- rapidly  迅速地
- uniform  制服
- rifle  步枪
- shoulder  肩膀
- march  行进
- boldly  大胆地
- blaze  闪耀
- salute  行礼
- elderly  上了年纪的
- grey  灰白的
- sharp  猛烈的
- blow  打击
- After he had killed the guard, what did the prisoner of war do?
  - The prisoner of war quickly dragged him into the bushes, and he soon changed into the dead man's cloths.
- What did he hear and see when he marched boldly in front of the camp?
  - He could hear shouting in the camp itself, and saw lights were blazing and men were running here and there.
- Where did the large black car stop and who get out?
  - The large black car stop at the camp gates and four officers got out.
- What did the prisoner do to the driver?
  - He knocked the driver to the ground with a sharp blow, and drove off as quickly as he could.
- 原文
  - When he had killed the guard, the prisoner of war quickly dragged him into the bushes. Working rapidly in the darkness, he soon changed into the dead man's cloths. Now, dressed in a blue uniform and with a rifle over his shoulder, the prisoner marched boldly up and down in front of the camp. He could hear shouting in the camp itself. Lights were blazing and men were running here and there: they had just discovered that a prisoner had escaped. At that moment, a large black car with four officers inside it, stopped at the camp gates. The officers got out and the prisoner stood to attention and saluted as they passed. When they had gone, they driver of the car came towards him. The man obviously wanted to talk. He was rather elderly with grey hair and clear blue eyes. The prisoner felt sorry for him, but there was nothing else he could do. As the man came near, the prisoner knocked him to the ground with a sharp blow. Then, jumping into the car, he drove off as quickly as he could.
- She walked up and down the street, having no idea where she wanted to go.  她在街道上来回的走来走去，不知道自己到底要去哪儿

# Monster or fish

- monster  怪物
- sailor  海员
- sight  见到
- creature  动物，生物
- peculiar  奇怪的
- shining  闪闪发光的
- oarfish  桨鱼
- What is now known about the monsters fishermen and sailors claim to have seen!
  - It is now known that many of these 'monsters' which have at times been sighted are simply strage fish.
- Why was a small fishing boat carried miles out to sea some time ago near Medagascar?
  - Because a powerful fish pulled on the line.
- What did the fisherman do then?
  - He realizing that was on ordinary fish and made ever effort not to damage it
- What did the fish look like?
  - It was over thirteen feet long with a head like a horse, big blue eyes, shining silver skin, and a bright red tail.
- 原文
  - Fisherman and sailors sometimes claim to have seen monsters in the sea. Though people have often laughed at stories told by seamen, it is now known that many of these 'monsters' which have at times been sighted are simply strange fish. Occasionally, unusual creatures are washed to the shore, but they are rarely caught out at sea. Some time ago, however, a peculiar fish was caught near Madagascar. A small fishing boat was carried miles out to sea by the powerful fish as it pulled on the line. Realizing that this was on ordinary fish, the fisherman made ever effort not to damage it in any way. When it was eventually brought to shore, it was found to be over thirteen feet long. It had a head like a horse, big blue eyes, shining silver skin, and a bright red tail, The fish, which has since been sent to a museum where it is being examined by a scientist, is called an oarfish. Such creatures have rarely been seen alive by man as they live at a depth of six hundred feet. 
- He claimed that he found the money in the forest.  他声称他是在森林里发现这笔钱的
- She's really at times.  有时她真的很无语
- At times I hardly knew what I was doing.  有时候我真的不知道该干什么
- The missing woman has been sighted in the park.  有人在公园看到了那个失踪的女人  sight 作动词，猛然看见，瞬间看见

# After the elections  大选之后

- election  选举
- former  从前的
- defeat  打败
- fanatical  狂热
- opponent  反对者
- radical  激进的
- progressive  进步的
- suspicious  怀疑的
- What happened to the former Prime Minister in the recent elections and where is he know?
  - He was defeated in the recent elections and he has now gone abroad.
- Does Patrick support the former Prime Minister and his party?
  - No, he has always been a fanatical opponent to the former Prime Minister on his party.
- Where did Patrick go after the elections and what for?
  - He went to the former Prime Minister's house to asked the policeman on duty if Mr. Lane the former Prime Minister still lived there.
- Why did Patrick ask the policeman on duty the same question again and again?
  - Because he love to hear the policeman say 'Mr. Lane was defeated and he has gone to abroad.'
- 原文
  - The former Prime Minister, Mr. Wentworth Lane, was defeated in the recent elections. He is now retiring from political life and has gone abroad. My friend, Patrick, has always been a fanatical opponent of Mr. Lane's Readical Progressive Party. After the elections, Patrick went to the former Prime Minister's house. When he asked if Mr. Lane lived there, the policeman on duty told him that since his defeat, the ex-Prime Minister had gone abroad. On the following day, Patrick went to the house again. The same policeman was just walking slowly past the entrance, when Patrick asked the same question. Though a little suspicious this time, the policeman gave him the same answer. The day later, Patrick went to the house once more and asked exactly the same question. This time, the policeman lost him temper. 'I told you yesterday and the day before yesterday, ' he shouted, 'Mr. Lane was defeated in the elections. He has retired from political life and gone to live abroad!' 'I know, ' answered Patrick, 'but I love to hear you say it!' 

# On strike  罢工

- strike  罢工
- busman  公共汽车司机
- state  正式提出
- agreement  协议
- relieve  减轻
- pressure  压力
- extent  程度
- voluneteer  自愿
- gratitude  感激
- Press  新闻界
- object  反对
- Why have the busmen decided to go on strike?
  - Because they are not satisfy 
- What are many owners of private cars going to do?
  - They are going to offer 'free rides' to people on their way to work.
- What have a number of university students volunteered to do?
  - They are voluneteer to drive buses while the strike lasts. 
- How does the public respond to the student's action?
  - The public has expressed its gratitude to the students in letters to the Press.
- 原文
  - Busmen have decided to go on strike next week. The strike is due to begin on Tuesday. No one knows how long it will last. The busmen have stated that the strike will continue until general agreement is reached about pay and working conditions. Most people believe that the strike will last for at least a week. Many owners of private cars are going to offer 'free rides' to people on their way to work. This will relieve pressure on the trains to some extent. Meanwhile, a number of university students have voluneteer to drive buses while the strike lasts. All the students are expert drivers, but before they have drive any of the buses, they will have to pass a special test. The students are going to take the test in two day's time. Even so, people are going to find it difficult to get to work. But so far, the public has expressed its gratitude to the students in letters to the Press. Only one or two people have objected that the students will drive too fast! 
- You can get free madical car until you are 16.  在你16岁之前，你都可以享受免费医疗
- To some extent his warning have proved absolutely correct.  在一定程度上来说 他的警告被证明是十分正确的
- I find it almost impossible to finish the work all by myself.  我觉得要由我自己来完成这项工作几乎是不可能的
- He was caryying a shabby black object.  他拿着一个破旧的黑色的东西
- You may object that the system makes boys lazy.  你可以提出反对说 这种体制使得孩子们变得懒惰

# Never too old to learn 活到老学到老

- inform  告诉，通知
- headmaster  校长
- contribute  捐助
- album  签名簿，相册
- patience  耐心
- encouragement  鼓励
- farewell  告别
- honour  敬意
- coincidence  巧合
- devote  致力于
- gardening  园艺
- What does the letter the author has just received inform him of?
  - The latter informing he that his former headmaster, Mr. Page, will be retiring next week.
- What will the pupils of the school remember Mr.Page for?
  - All those who have contributed Mr.Page for his patience and understanding and for the kindly encouragement he gave.
- What will happen next Thursday?
  - A great many former pupils will be attending a farewell dinner in honour of Mr. Page.
- What will Mr.Page do after he retires?
  - He wll devote himself ot garding.
- 原文
  - I have just received a letter from my old school, informing me that my former headmaster, Mr. Stuart Page, will be retiring next week. Pupils of the school, old and new, will be sending him a present to mark the occasion. All those who have contributed towards the gift will sign their name in a large album which will be sent to the headmaster's home. We shall all remember Mr.Page for his patience and understanding and for the kindly encouragement he gave us when we went so unwillingly to school. A great many former pupils will be attending a farewell dinner in his honour next Thursday. It is a curious coincidence that the day before his retirement, Mr. Page will have been teaching for a total of forty years. After he has retired, he will devote himself to gardening. For him, this will be an entirely new hobby. But this does not matter, for , as he has often remarked, one is never too old to learn.
- The thing for which he will be remerbered by history is his honesty.  他将因为他的诚实而名留青史
- He devoted himself to his studies.  他全力以赴地学习

# Out of control

- swing  转向
- speedboat  快艇
- desperately  绝望地
- companion  同伙
- water ski  滑水
- buoy  浮标
- dismay  沮丧
- tremendous  巨大的
- petrol  汽油
- drift  漂流
- gently  轻轻地
- What happend when the man tried to swing the speedboat round?
  - 
- What happened to the speedboat after is struck a buoy?
  - 
- What did the two men do after the speedboat roared past them only a few feet away?
  - 
- Had they swum out of danager when the boat again completed a circle?
  - 
- 原文
  - As the man tried to swing the speedboat round, the steering wheel came away in his hands. He waved desperately to his companion, who had been water skiing for the last fifteen minutes. Both men had hardly had time te realize what was happing when they were thrown violently into the sea. The speedboat had struck a buoy, but it continued to move very quickly across the water. Both men had just begun to swim towards the shore, when they noticed with dismay that speedboat was moving in a circle. It now came straight towards them at tremendous speed. In less than a minute, it roared past them only a few feet away. After it had passed, they swam on as quickly as they could because they knew that the boat would soon return. They had just enough time to swim out of danger when the boat again completed a circle. On this occasion, however, it had slowed down considerably. The petrol had nearly all been used up. Before long, the noise dropped completely and the boat began to drift gently across the water. 





































